# a proposal (first draft)

I decided I'd like to make a proposal: I'd like to be betrothed in marriage to kyle's daughter; and in the interim time between the betrothal and the consummation, I would like to complete a prototype of a local area network built on top of human DNA. I have good reason for wanting to complete the prototype before the marriage; and in addition to that condition, if she finds anyone else more desireable than myself, I will willingly annul the agreement. I am a very straight-forward person with no apparent secrets; and, my character can easily be judged because I have put all of anything significant that I've written into public repositories on github. those writings should also give evidence that I have accomplished continually clearer concept of how energy, mass, electricity, and frequency works,-- which makes me pretty confident that I know how to get from using basic audio hardware to printing (by moving atoms around with their resonant frequencies) discreet components on to carbon substrate (and eventually grown as well). I'm also fairly confident that I understand how DNA works at this point, and how the folding is used to not only create 3d antenna structures, but also to divide and select different logical paths for the energy to flow in different amounts. these concepts are all well and easy to comprehend, but the implementation is (in my opinion) the difficult task -- which is why I'm planning for at least a decade or two for such a prototype to be implemented. I've also been a manager (and lead programmer) in a few large-scale software projects, so I'm well-equipped to lead a team, and have a strong opinion on the direction I want to take the software compopnent of this project, too. I can easily organise and manage all of that.

the first step is learning to compose complex waveforms with arrays of resonators, and figuring out the resonant frequencies of the DNA,-- and it sounds like a lofty thing to say, but I believe sequencing the DNA and finding correlations to human concepts/emotions will be one of the first things that we accomplish. I plan to use myself as the test subject here, as I'm both quite good at feeling and identifying resonances between one concept/emotion and anthor, and I also have a significant enough of an aura that (once we condense the outer layer such that it behaves like a conductor), I believe my aura will still have quite a significant reach (probably with coverage of the whole earth, at the rate I'm going), such that at the very least anyone can join my network as a start (and I'll probably remain the centre hub). and so, while my grand goal here is to make myself the very first completely open-source human (anyone will be able to access my thoughts and concepts -- which my github account is an early reflection of that), I plan to be the node that anyone can connect to and go from there -- for even a fully encrypted distributed system must make the handshake openly. and so obviously, not everyone will want to have all things open as I do, which means that privitisation and individualisation will eventually will be implemented for the continual growth and stability of the network; though that is not my initial focus (there are lots of really smart and capable people will likely want to contribute this component).

OK, so that's a brief outline of the idea. here's my information in case you're interested and want to reach out:

kenneth bentley
13 carefree ln.
pueblo co, 81001
719-717-6708

P.S. the last email I sent had some images of some strats I found nearby. since then, I've found another area with 9 (nine!!) layers of the yellowish orange burnt rock between layers of clay. they seem to be at pretty regular intervals too (6-12in of clay between each layer). the pictures turned out pretty badly (which is why I didn't send them). however, next time it's not so muddy, I'll go out and try to get better images. it's also way easier to see in person, so if you're in the pueblo area, I'll be more than happy to show them. unfortunately, the GPS location setting on my phone was off when I took those pictures, but the next ones it'll be on (in case you want to look at them yourselves).

P.P.S. this is just a first draft of the proposal. in some weeks and months ahead, I'll try to produce a second draft as the idea continues to get clearer in my mind. some things in this proposal I'm not sure on: for example, the marriage proposal was an idea I woke up with this morning. I figure a marriage alliance is a long-term investment, where the payout cannot actually come for at quite a while, which is good because I stipulate that the prototype must also be completed first. there may be a better way to handle that, but I've been thinking about how to propose the idea to kyle for a while now, and this morning, I woke up with the marriage proposal in mind. I also liked it because it best expresses the limitation where I can only really offer myself and my perceptive capability, which is essentially all a marriage offer to another person really is. anyway, it's not really necessary, and can easily be cut.
