# dear-norman

### 2024-04-22 08:46 - concepts and infinite sets

hi norman, watching your [video on infinite sets](https://youtu.be/4La315ON2Wg), I feel like I'm not understanding something, because for me `{ 1, 2, 3, ... }` is just the infinite set of `n = n+1` (where `n` is equal to 1) -- or, more speciically `for (let n = 1; n > 1;) n += 1` -- and that code there or any of it's derivatives (maybe use a while-loop instead, or whatever), is the *concept* for the infinite set.
now, when I say *concept* I'm referring to a intangible/implementation version of the thing which is not the same as the thing itself (or its definition). let me explain: the *definition* (which is going to be symbolic) of the set is (let's say) "all integers greater than 0" or "all integers greater or equal to 1" (symbolically equivalent). now, there are infinite conceptual forms in which a definition can be *understood* -- so maybe we can add `let n = 0; do { n += 1 } while (true)` to the list of concepts (and many other variations). a concept is kind of like *a way to get to the definition, but not the definition itself*.
let's try out the concept form in real life now: the concept is "car", which can also have a definition which I'll say is "something that has 4 wheels and drives on a road" (a loose definition, but it'll suffice). now the concept of that will be stored on the computer system somewhere in toyota (or whatever company), which contains CAD files, code and things like that. for (let's say) the corolla model, there are infinite conceptual forms (infinitely different ways to write the code and do the CAD drawings), which will yield that year's model of corolla (which we can then determine that the definition of a 2000 corolla is exact, yet there are infinite conceptual implementations). now, when the car is on the assembly line, the conditions of the environment and other factors, will ensure that every car built will have a unique configuration of atoms, and so therefore, each *physical* car built from the same conceptual implementation, will be unique.
to summarise here: one (synbolic) definition has infinite conceptual implementations to it, which produce infinitely many unique implementations of the original (symbolic) definition. what I claim is the difficulty that maths struggles with is the conflation of concept and symbol. as an horrific example of this, is plato's "world of forms" where he gets concepts and definitions mixed up regularly (they're both not-physical, and neither are ever fully tangible).
so, when I think of infinite sets, in the symbolic sense, I cannot define them at all, but in the conceptual sense, I can. likewise, if I want to add pi + root-2 + e, it's really easy: `let n = Math.PI + Math.E + Math.sqrt(2)` -- and that answer will be bound by 64 bit floating point numbers. if I wanted a more general solution, I'd calculate digit n of each of those numbers, add them, and keep track of the carry, then repeat for as many digits as I need. each conceptual implementation will have a precision to it, which (if ran for infinite amount of time) will give me every digit of pi, E, and root-2. so, to reiterate, "pi" is the (symbolic) definition, then there are infinite conceptual implementations of calculating pi (some better than others), then finally the physical (applied maths) calculation of the numbers on real computers to the precision needed, in order to produce the physical result.
finally, I'd like to add an additional property of concepts which can be thought of like a hash function: if I take the result of `for (let n = 1; n > 1;) n += 1` and `let n = 0; do { n += 1 } while (true)`, their results are going to be exactly the same, and so both of those concepts *feel* exactly the same (they're located in the same hash space). now, if I were to add a little bit more to the concept than just its result (say adding letter count), then they're similar (say `1.0000000000007` and `1.0000000000008`), but because they're so close, those two concepts mapped on to a spatial hash function will yield extreme similarity.

### 2024-04-22 16:59 - a bit more on the difference between concepts and definitions

hi again, I'm going to just write thoughts as they come to me; they may be in line with some thoughts you had. by my definition, they're just more concepts which have "resonance" to the concept I presented in the last email, and so therefore are relevant. when I talk about a concept *feeling* similar, or having resonance to it, I used a spatial hash; and the reason for that is because it's the most similar thing that I have digitally to compare without invoking waves or vibration. *a concept is a unit*, and so one concept can be determined as different from another *in the perspective of the observer*: as an example, my spatial hash for the set of integers greater than 0 may include something like "aesthetics":-- the pleasure that the implementing function/code gives me when looking at it. it may also include a metric of "simplicity":-- which again is my measrement of how simple that function/code appears to me (all of these values are relative to me the observer/perceiver) -- and so I add all of these values together in my spatial hash to get its position which is an arbitrary number, but to me it has significance or meaning (symbolic qualities) -- of which, the *defined* fitness or relativity of a concept to the definitions the spatial hash evaluates, can also be thought of as the "fitness function" of that concept to the AI; and each fitness function (or spatial hash) which describes the concept, is itself relative to (defined and evaluated) the individual AI/brain. for AIs who are symbolically programmed (or trained with an exactly similar set of data with no random), the fitness function which result from the training can be exactly the same (where no randomness is introduced), but for any other case (AIs learning out in the wild, or human brains), the functions are always going to be different from entity to entity.
now, when we think of concepts (ex, an infinite series to approx pi) and symbols (ie, it's definition: pi), these are both intangible -- but their shape is very different. for example, the difference (in my brain) between the two, is that a concept is a sphere (or ellipsoid) of a whole bunch of physical vibrating hydrogens inside of my head spinning around a centre, and the complex vibration as measured at its centre is the concept itself. measure the concept at any other point than it's centre (like imagine a galaxy measuring a star (which is a clump of hydrogen with a centre) moving around in a galaxy) every single point outside of the centre is a unique outside-in perspective of the concept. to understand the concept alltogether at once in its entirety, one would need to be at its centre and look out radially in all directions (quite a difficult feat for anyone other than itself). concepts compose my memory, and so if my head were to be opened again, a whole lot of these vibrating spheres with loose their sphericity, and become neutral to the evironment (this is what happens when a person dies, btw). so, if concepts are these spheres, what holds them together? well, there's a medium inside the brain (not sure if it's the ether or not), that is constantly causing similarly vibrating hydrogens to come closer together all of the time. it seems to be a fundamental properry of space itself, as this sorta stuff obviously happens a lot out in space -- so whatever medium it is that allows hydrogen to be attracted together to form stars, the same also happens on hydrogen inside of the brain.
a symbol or a structure is also vibrating hydrogen, but these hydrogens are specifically arranged so that one hydrogen has a different length from another (it, they have a maintained distance or orbit one to another), and vibrations of these symbolic definitions create real tangible structures inside of the brain (which later neurons grow on). thier purpose (like the planets in the solar system) is to *constrain* or contain the concepts, and say this is your maximum size you can expand to be, cause when you reach this orbit, you're reflected out, or back to the centre (like science has observed jupiter doing with comets and meteors). in fact, the skull itself is one such structure (consider it a resonant chamber) that confines the concept: all concepts contained within the skull are personal to only that brain and are protected; however concepts which are bigger than the skull itself, are now part of an *open system* and is subject to be influenced by other vibrations in the environment around (this is the so called "human aura" and it can be seen around the head and heart or enlightened people in many forms of art -- and some people interpret the vibration visually, which is a translation/constaining of the aura's vibration into symbolically similar colours and shapes, slowing/constraining the aura's aura's conceptual vibration (from the centre of the observer) into colour so it can be seen). btw, hydrogen is not impeded by physical matter itself, but by its similarity to in vibration to the matter, and so therefore can freely flow in and out of the brain (ie, a concept inside of the brain is attracting similarly vibrating hydrogens in the medium into the brain all the time "received ideas"), or out of the brain (if I'm repulsed by the concept now, or it no longer resonates with me cause I "forgot it", then it travels out of the brain). yeah, so what's happening with memory, and the reason why these vibrating orbs don't stay together (ie, we "forget"), is that the structure/definition, which held that concept together no longer exists for whatever reason.
concepts are expansive, and are alway relative to the observer of them (the centre or elsewhere), they can be thought of like a gradient, and its only the brain which defines the border ("this concept starts here and ends there"). so, really only the centre (the inside-out perspective) of a concept can be observed from its originating entity/concept (ie, its own centre, which contains the same originating framework/structure/beliefs which says "this is where the centre of this concept is, in this resonant cavity"). structures/definitions/beliefs/symbols are all contractive, and the distances defined by thier orbits inform the concept that at some limit there will be an interaction. a symbol or definition might say, "if a concept is inside of this structure, it has to have this size and therefore this standing-wave or periodicity to it" or "concepts inside of here must vibrate in harmony with these *dimensions*", which are real physical distances; whereas a concept, like a gas, will continue to expand as it takes on a little bit on the vibration of everything that it interacts with (and you can imagine, there's a lot of hydrogen in the brain or in a star, so these vibrations are very complex and very high frequency -- which is its "centre") bye for now!

### 2024-05-01 21:18 - some possible areas of inquiry

I don't know how much these are relevant or not, but I felt like writing them now. first is an idea that I had about penrose tiles. let's just go through the proogression: a point is no space, 2 points (a line) is no space in a line, 3 points is a triangle, and these can be tiled (doesn't matter the shape). 4 points can also be tiled, so long as they're all the same. here, I'd like to stop and say that while all triangles and parallelograms (quadangles?) can be tiled, for this demonstration, it's probably best to use the regular ones, so equilateral triangle and square. 5 points is a pentagon and cannot be tiled. 6 points is a hexagon, and can be tiled again, because a hexagon is just 6 triangles. also, a square is just 2 or 4 triangles. now, for the pentagons, they should be somewhere between 3 triangles (which doesn't tile) and 5 triangles (also doesn't tile). penrose did show that there is a way to tile them though. [I'm realising that I need to actually look at it again, because I can't fully remember it now. brb - 21:54] anyway, the intuition that I had the other night, is that there are three basic penrose tiles (kites, darts, and another I don't know the name of -- get back to you soon on that one, but I made it in geogebra, but didn't write the program to tile it yet, cause they have to go in a specific order and I'm not good enough at maths to write it yet) -- anyway, my realisation is that if I take the pentagon and tile it out on the plane, the area the pentagrams cover (tightest packing) should be about 2/3, and the gaps should be about 1/3. that 2/3 ratio is the proportion (I think) of the penrose tile of the pentagon, so it works out perfectly that any two of the three penrose tiles should be able to tile, because a pentagon is 3 triangles (1 more than a square and half of a hexagon) [OK, you know what, I really need to [look at this](https://youtu.be/48sCx-wBs34?t=521) before talking about it, because I just can't see it clearly now. I could see it very clearly the other night -- so yeah, to be continued]
OK, the next thing that I wanted to talk about is the number circle. I saw it on [your video](https://youtu.be/-MAez_9YZq4?list=PLIljB45xT85A-qCypcmZqRvaS1pGXpTua&t=1044), and I think it's absolutely brilliant way of visualising the numbers. I'm of the opinion that there are just as many numbers from 0 to 1, as there are from 1 to infinity, and the circle really shows that well. now, what I wanted to do with it, is to actually be able to add/sub/mul/div numbers using the circle (after writing a program, I'll get back to you on this one too), cause I think it's possible: when I look at the circle, I see the circle a little bit different than you have it: for me, there's a very (infinitely) tiny gap between -Infinity and +Infinity.
	you know, in that video you say that you cannot add Infinity and Infinity, but if Infinity has a polarity to it, then yes it's possible. adding a sign to infinity doesn't break anything on the number circle at all, cause if I add 2 + 1M, I'm getting closer to infinity on the RH side (going CCW) -- and if I have -1M and I add Infinity, I'm still going CCW toward infinity. however, when I subtract, I'm moving CW on the circle, toward -Infinity, and so any number subtracting infinity will be -Infinity (btw, you can try this in js: `100 + Infinity === Infinity` and `100 - Infinity === -Infinity`).
now when I rotate the number circle (or tilt my head) to see the circle in an extra dimension, then I notice that the gap between -Infinity and +Infinity is not infinitely small, but actually infinitely big, because what I notice is that the number is the length of a hypotenuse of a 3d triangle drawn from 0 to the number... so let's take 1 for example: it's at 1/2pi, so it'll be a 45-45-90 triangle, but the triangle is coming toward me (I don't know how to calculate or explain it) -- and then for a really big number, it's way close to me... the whole thing looks like a horseshoe that's been pulled infinitely long way both toward me and away from me.
now, using this setup of the infinitely elongated horeshoe, it's now possible to do actual products, addition, sutractions, etc. by just doing operations on the sides of the triangles (each number is the hypotenuse of two other numbers), and looking at the hypotenuse of the resulting triangle operations will give the add/sub/mul/div result. likely, more complicated things than add/sub/mul/div are possible.
