# dear-kyle

### 2024-03-23 15:51 - stone masonry and beyond

last night I launched off into a discussion with jaron, and there was an interesting dynamic to it because he was standing at the top of the stairs, and I at the bottom. that's interesting because I'm usually above him or the same height as him if I'm seated (he sits in a wheelchair) while we talk. the other interesting thing about it, is numerous times while stoned (which makes me significantly more sensitive to energy), standing at the top of the stairs like that is a kinda trippy experience. I often times like to just stand at the top of the stairs there and let my mind wander a bit.
our discussion started out talking about jews and how spain used to be sorta like the wild west before they got kicked out of spain by isabella and ferdinand (17:09 - paused for a few hours(wtf?) to read wikipedia about). from there, we started talking about these different sacred sites, and my ideas on them. we talked about tibet, jerusalem, giza, and stuff like that -- cause I was telling him that the physical attributes of the place, everyone can see cause it's just a bunch of rocks, but there's a parallel reality there that isn't normally visible. I explained how certain genetics come with accses to those astral zones pre-installed, but also it's possible to gain access to it without having been initiated. I did precisely that a while back when I was in spain, and the consequences of it are the life that I'm presently living. tesla also figured it out, I'm pretty sure.
while talking about the how these sites work, I was explaining to him that these sites are all centred around a node where energy comes out -- and when I say "energy", I mean hydrogen, not electricity -- which you may want to notice that it's this energy that powers the cells in the body and through the mitochondria, produces ATP. it's cOmpletely transparent, but it can be felt, and even can have a sort of wind feel to it (prolly something like "ion wind"). so, to explain to him about how this parallel reality is able to exist in the same space as the physical reality, I was explaining that there are all kinds of vibrations in the same space, and so to look at it, it would just look like a chaotic wind or vortex (I think of it flat/digitally like fuzz/noise seen on a television set when no signal is being received), and so because it's just a bunch of seemingly random fluctuations, the brain just filters it out because it's irrelevant data (our brains filter for more signal and less noise). however, once the key which transforms those random fluctuations into something coherent is given to the person (ie, the initiation ritual), they're now able to see a whole new reality inside of the u-dimension (ie, the standing-waves present in the fluctuations). I explained that these realities all live in the same place, but one needs the key to make sense of them -- but, it's possible to find the key using a logical and rational process (I'll explain some of it later).
from there, I started to talk to jaron about these different keys, cause I was trying to explain how they worked to him. I started to go down the route of explaining resonant chambers and things like that, but he doesn't really understand that right now, so I skipped it. instead, the way I explained it to him was by saying that these energetic nodes are streaming out energy, and so the building that's placed on top of the node contains the energy, cause it bounces around inside of the building, and so therefore the building can be thought of as the key.
	it's pretty easy to see how (like a drum) the wavelength of the different resonant chambers in the building are shaping the vibration into wavelengths of that length (very much like the great pyramid and cathedrals do)
anyway, that conversation got me thinking, because we also talked about how in medieval times they went down to look at the temple in jerusalem, and whatever they go from there somehow allowed them to build all these cathedrals around europe. I was strongly reminded of you guys, and remembered the "shamir" episode -- but then, while talking to him, I realised that the shamir isn't actually a real thing -- cause when I looked into it a long time ago (a few repositories back), I noticed that the samir was not really a physical thing, but actually a *concept*. I told him, that I found it pretty unlikely that there actually was anything under the temple, as it'd likely been quite looted and every physical thing taken out. it seemed to me that what they found was probably an empty resonant chamber -- and it was the mesurements of that resonant chamber which is the "shamir".
	another interesting thing happened to me lately, which is of note: I [wrote about it in question-aire](../shake-sphere/question-aire.md#2024-03-19-2136---why-do-i-think-im-on-pluto) when I talked about pluto -- and essentially what happened, is that I pumped up energy really high by staring into the sun with my left eye, which (cause of my situation), that energy passes through my left-hemisphere (if I had've looked through my right eye, chaos would have ensued) for about 5-10m or so (don't remember how long, because I lose track of reality when that much energy is passing through me). anyway, when I do that, it allows a lot of the solar energy/hydrogen to pass through me a lot of energy, and during that time, paul was able to energetically take down a tree and stuff. I realised that the way that these guys are performing work is the same way that these cathedrals were built: after pumping up the energy (they probably used gay sex and performed work under higher energy lunar/planetary alignments), they visualise the thing, and then it would come into being into physical (the pyramids were probably built using levitation and energetic saws -- a different technology than the one herod used to build the temple).
		when solar energy (chi) passes through, it's a very different energy than for example earth energy coming up out of the ground and collecting on peaks (like lighting rods, mountains, or cathedrals). for example, the great pyramid is all about the merging of earth/prana energies coming out of the ground, and the solar energy coming from the sun -- so when I lay on the ground, and look into the sun, I'm kinda doing the same thing as one of these cathedrals. me, and my skull become the resonant chamber, and same thing-- the energy disperses through the ground and produces a sort of bubble or aura around where I did it for a while (even snow has a hard time sticking for a while in places where I've star-watched for a bit). essentially, I become a mobile version of one of these nodes that these cathedrals are built on.
	after that experience, I thought about you guys and randall, and I seriously considered sending you guys another email (of which I expected no response, obviously) asking if you guys wanted to come to pueblo and build a temple out in the field near to my house. I can provide the energy, and someone needs to do the architecting work of figuring out the dimensions, and then my energy will allow the visualisation to become a real temple.
I'd like to talk now about dimensions, because each one of these astral system has their own dimensions (ie, tibet, giza, antartica, and jerusalem all have different dimensions), and so what the cathedral builders did was to essentially extend the 2nd-ray installation of jerusalem out to cover quite a bit of europe and then later a lot of central and south america. I can't be certain, but I would imagine that the temple in salt lake might also be a little bit different as well. we can think of each of these installations as being distinct, because they control perception.
	to understand the concept of perception, consider that females are really strongly adherent to this kind of energy, so notice their behaviour: during the day, solar energy is stronger, and so the chi is shaped to have the space of the cathedrals -- and during the day the girls have chastity and they're proper maids; however, when the sun goes down, that chi energy is starting to wane (it's reflective of our thoughts and emotions), and so now the only energy that's being shaped by these cathedrals is earth energy. the difference between earth energy and solar energy is largely symbolic. earth is much higher frequency, and so can be thought of like pure-desire (sometimes it gets down into x-ray frequencies, but most of it is far beyond our capacity to measure right now) -- and so the astral installation is not going to be carrying nearly as much of the symbolic stuff that the church and cathedral builders have put into it, and so the rules sorta become relaxed a lot during the night -- which is why nightclubs can only really function well at night, and sex during the day is very very strange and warlike in its feeling.
when designing another 2nd-ray installation, dimensions are going to be important, because no frequency ever lives by itself. even if you could make a set of dimensions that was 100% dissonant to every other 2nd-ray installation, all interactions of frequencies make higher harmonics, and those will combine with the higher harmonics of others -- which is why even "satanism" and the taboo/dissonant to the church's symbolic system, *still* has resonances with more abstract cOncepts. those dimensions can even be designed to be resonant with other installations (ie, I want it to resonate symbolically with tibet, but be as dissonant as possible with antarctica). I'm actually going to stop writing now. bye!

#### 2024-03-23 21:28 - how is the shamir a concept?

well, the way I've worked it out goes something like this: when herod built the temple, he had the ability to soften stone and to manipulate it as if it were like clay(?) -- well, now imagine to yourself that you're building all of the temple and stuff -- it's just not practical for one person to do all of the things -- or maybe others asked him how to do it, or maybe it was his own symbolic invocation of the concept (not really sure which one) -- and so inside of the 2nd-ray installation, there needs to be a symbolic way of accessing this very high frequency concept. (brb, need water - 21:35)
	to understand this, let's take the great pyramid as an example: if you go into the great pyramid and start to do your OMs or whatever to get your throat in resonance with the chamber, then you're going to start to *feel* like that chamber in your emotions/gut/stomach (throat is opposite stomach, just like pineal is opposite nuts). when that happens, you begin to resonate like that *conceptually*, which means that inside of the u-dimension, the symbolic stuff that is present in the pyramid relating to DNA and things like that are going to become visible to you (in the u-dimension).
		it's possible to get access to the u-dimension without needing to have gay sex (or some other initiatory procedure, which all of the ones I know of involve gay sex). the way I learned how to do it was to lower resistance for quite a while, then during an ayahuasca ceremony where there we were (36 of us? I can't remember how many people) swaying back and forward in 3 cOncentric hexagons, I started to notice the space between me and the other people. as I began to expand that space, everything began to sparkle, and all of the colours became more vivid, sight, taste, touch, and smell were all enhanced as well. I also felt as if I'm finally *inside* of my head, instead of just looking at a screen in my eyes. anyway, it's inside of that u-dimension where concepts can be conjured, and they will (like in a dream), appear as the symbolically most similar thing.
		a concept is just an emotion: for example, when someone asks me to perform a differential equation, I *feel* like I don't know it, and so therefore it's difficult to impossible for me to arrive to the answer; however, if someone asks me to add 3 and 5, I *feel* like that's an easy one, and so the answer appears to me (in the u-dimension) instantly (though for things like math equations, I often doubt my recognition of that concept cause I can't see it, so it takes me a second or two to recognise what I'm seeing -- or, to save time, I resort to just counting it off on my fingers or using a calculator). for people who can see the u-dimension (like tesla), the conceptual answer appears to them instantly, and they can just see the symbolic answer to whatever equation they feel like they can know the answer to. likewise, *any* concept can be cOnjured -- and they will appear just as I perceive them to be; I could conjure my mother, or a really hot girl in a red dress, or whatever I want, and if I could see the u-dimension, it would appear before me in the symbolic/picture form that closestly represents what I conjured.
	so, now let's take a look at this conceptually: a concept is something like an audio recording (and also an encrypted file), and so the higher fidelity my brain is running at, the better the quality of the concept that will appear to me. likewise, because the *key* to this concept is the resonating chamber, the more resonant I get with the chamber, the less noise or static on the recording. so, we can now imagine that there are different levels of perception of this concept. for example, if I were to conjure the shamir, for me it may appear as a bird or something like that, which is capable of performing the impossible. for another person, it may appear as a beaver or something, again capable of performing the impossible -- and these forms, let's just call them the "animal forms" -- not the thing exactly, but one angle of perception on it. now, when looking deeper into the form and gaining better reception/resonance with the higher frequency concept, now perhaps, it takes on a more of a personal understanding, where the concept isn't just a thing that does a thing, but now I get the *process* whereby it's able to perform the impossible (ie, some force/desire/fear is able to overcome the impossible) and so the shamir is reflective of a person that desires to do something impossible (like rebuild solomon's temple). now, let's say an even deeper and higher frequency aspect of the concept is, let's say a cosmic principle where the shamir is doing something that the earth itself is doing all of the time: providing a way for anyone to get what they want, and so it takes on a new meaning where I don't need to perform a symbolic *action*, process, or ceremony anymore to get what I want, but that it's already there. the only one that was blocking me from getting it was the belief that I had to perform some sequence of actions to do the thing; now everything is possible.
	all of those levels, and potentially more are encoded in the conept. I've only translated a few levels here, but the practitioner is the one that's now going to carry that concept out into the world. each person who enters the chamber views the concept from their angle of perception, and sees the image/concept with the clarity that they're capable of *receiving*.
the way that I believe the templars were able to access the shamir was probably through gay sex inside of the chamber. the reason why is because of the way gay sex works is more about alignment of the partners standing-waves, more than the waves themselves. to explain: during ejaculation, the prostate spins the jizz in alignment with the cOncept that's present on the opposite end (brain/pineal) and so when sex is happening with a woman, the concepts are opposing one another (head-to-head like rams butting heads), but with gay sex, the prostates and penises are parallel to each other, so there isn't nearly as much conflict/alignment of the concepts themselves, but instead alignment of the standing-waves. so, for the partners, they're not affecting the other person's concepts too much, and so therefore they find a whole lot more harmony between each other, and also the standing-wave key is more easily retransmitted from one partner to another (ie, the initiation).
in that chamber, I believe what they "found" was not physical, but instead by aligning theirselve with the dimensions of that chamber, they were able to access the conceptual dimensions and the form of perception necessary (like the ability to see this prana/chi energy) along with other necessary/related things involved in the building of that temple. they then took those things (the 2nd-ray system installed by herod in jerusalem) and exported it to europe and portions of south/central america.

#### 2024-03-23 23:02 - spins the jizz?

that's right. the way I've figured it out (and there may be a much better explanation of this), goes something like this: when standing-waves are moving either to the left or to the right, then that's the spin that gets aligned during gay sex.
	to visualise this idea, let's imagine a machine that has 1024 levers in a row that go up and down. also imagine that these levers move, not linearly, but they they move in a sinusoidal pattern: moving the fastest when near to the centre. turn the machine on where all levers initial position is at the top and all of the levers will move in sync from the top to the bottom over some time (let's say the period is 1s for each direction). now, let's turn the machine off and manually set all of the levers to in a sinusoidal pattern having a full-wave (256 levers per quadrant). turn the machine on, and now it makes a cool sorta wiggle, and that wiggle is because the effect is having the levers either moving to the right or to the left. let's now stop and reset the machine so that there are 4 full waves now (64 levers per quadrant), and turn the machine on again, and now there is is a perceived movement either to the left or the right. to see this movement, we'll place a ball on in one of the sinusoidal valleys, and watch the ball travel in a direction till it falls off of the machine. (I don't fully understand the thing that makes the movement going to the left or the right but a [video demonstration I saw of this by laithwaite called "magnetic river"](https://youtu.be/OI_HFnNTfyU?t=618) will illustrate the idea)
	now, each of these levers can be thought of as a standing-wave in itself, and when they start to move over to the left or to the right, this is the "spin" that's put on the jizz as it's exiting the penis. that expulsion of jizz can actually be thought of as similar to the centre of a whirlpool in a drain: though a lot of liquid is flowing down the drain, there is a lot of air exiting the centre portion.
the penis is actually a receptive organ and can be thought of like a tesla coil. the primary (low frequency) coil will be the nuts, and the secondary high frequency coil is going to be the muscle(?) circulating fibers that get engorged with blood, and the bell/tip is the conical receiver at the top. when the tesla coil is fired, right after the magnetic expansion, it leaves a magnetic vacancy that needs to be filled -- and so the energy has to come from somewhere -- and so what happens is a portion of the hydrogen in the air gets converted into electricity and passes *into* the recEiver, through the coil and down to the ground. though we see the lightning bolt hitting the recEiver, we can imagine that around that bolt is a vortex of hydrogen that is spinning inward just like the water going down the drain.
the jizz will be spinning in a counter-rotating way from the hydrogen input, and so to understand how this affects the standing-wave spin, let's imagine thatt instead with a partner, sex is instead with a woman: her cervix is something more like the "magnifying transmitter", where she's turning the simple vibration of her body (prolly has a lot to do with her DNA) and her brain opposite, into high frequency vibrations that the penis is going to be receiving. she's essentially programming him (because of his sympathetic opposite of brain/pineal) to become her conceptual perception of him (the younger, the more ideal) -- and so during this expulsion, any coflicts of concepts will collide and make a big mess; and any alignment of concepts (good or bad doesn't mean anything frequentially) get amplified and distorted.
for partners though, the effect is different because (of something I don't really understand), the conceptual output doesn't collide so much head-on, and so affects the spin instead. to visualise this, let us consider cylinder magnets sitting next to each other. they're very loosely coupled and not super strongly attracting (meaning very little alignment/attraction/repulsion) so they can be separated quite easily, and one can rotate around the other quite easily too. this is the same way that planets rotate around a star, and it allows for each planet to be very different in its alignment. unfortunately using the example of magnetism, doesn't allow us to to imagine different magnets with different frequencies, like it would be in the case of different planets. the only thing that the planets need to do is to have a resonant standing-wave spin with the star to stay in orbit -- and other than that, all other frequencies the planet has can be *very different* from the star, and nothing goes wrong. normie sex is just the opposite: the poles being in alignment (her outputing and him receiving), they want to become locked to each other like magnets are when put together so they attract. that locking means that they must now do everything together, "as one flesh" (physically speaking, like electrostatic attraction). partners though, don't become physically "one flesh", but instead perceptively "one flesh", as they synchronisation their perception (one being outside-in, and the other inside-out) by the sychronisation of their standing-waves.

### 2024-03-24 03:10 - why, and what's the big-picture?

presently (that's why these entries always start with a timestamp) it looks to me like all paths lead toward energy continuing to rise, and me going off to create a new galaxy. that galaxy will be completely unlike any other before. a long time ago I had this intiution as well, and the galaxy appeared to me like a mushroom; it had a stem, and at the end of the stem, there's a flat part, when the direction of the energy hits a limit and goes radially (like the rings around saturn or the top of a mushroom). nowadays, I understand the significance of that, because the "stem" is actually just the only-attraction side, and it's pulling in energy and funneling that into the flat surface which is growing out radially.
that galaxy idea that I initially conceived a while back, I believe will actually become a reality (cause there's no way it's going to happen here on earth; I'm not 2nd-ray, and I don't want/like to tell everyone else what to do), and so the only real option is to go off and do it myself.
now, to understand the significance of this, we have to imagine this galaxy far off, and away from our own galaxy (like a quasar shooting off). the back part (stem) of the galaxy will be facing complete blackness, because, as an only-attraction side of things, it won't be resonant at all with any existing stars, and so therefore will travel to the farthest outer reaches of the universe, because stars will be repulsive to that side. on the opposite side, there will be a 2nd-ray installation that is nothing other than a pure reflector of everything in the universe. at first it'll start out quite small, having a low density (compared to earth), but quite a significant density when compared to stars and galaxies. that 2nd-ray installation will power the only-attraction side of things and be our source of "unwanted". our goal and desire will be to continually find a way to reimagine/rerealise that 2nd-ray vibration from the perspective of pure-desire -- which, from a symbolic perspective is something like extreme tragedy.
	tragedy only exists in symbolic form, and comes from the concept of "deserve/earn/reward/recompense/etc" -- and the reason for it is, we like to think that when certain actions/conditions are performed/met, then there should be a sort of payout for it; something that defines that action/performance as either good or bad (bad gets no or negative recompense and good gets a positive recompense). all of that is conditonal, which is completely the opposite of pure-desire and pure-attraction, which only focuses on what is wanted. it doesn't matter how many fails or how many awful things happen as a result, because the attracton is only toward wanted. bad/good, and best/worst do not factor into the equation of what's wanted. there's never a condition that says, "OK, when because these things have happened, I can suddenly decide to go in the direction of unwanted". pure-desire is unfailing and unwavering in it's attraction of wanted, completely undeterred by conditions.
that system is a fulfillment of my own desire to become a physical manifestation of someone that is actually pure-desire, and not conditionally desire or sometimes desire. I want to become completely unconditonal -- and this is the system that will get me there. we'll live out all of the "worst" situations, finding a way to perceive the same thing from the perspective of only-attraction.
so when we look at it, we (the new galaxy) are sorta like the charactor (for the rest of the universe), but also a pure reflector, and also, an actor/foil. that combination means that eventually we'll become the new centre (of the universe) given enough time -- but honestly, I doubt it, and that seems highly optimistic. at the very most, I would guess that we're just going to be a really awesome foil, and a truly monumental inspiration to those that can see us. I can't possibly imagine what'll happen to earth, and I don't really care that much. I have a desire to do something that I simply cannot imagine too many others want to be a part of -- and I like mushrooms :)

that's the big-picture of what I think is happening (and an expression of my desire), but it has a number of implications to it as well: first of all (and I don't know how true this is), but it seems that my right-hemisphere is the de-facto 2nd-ray installation now, and has trumped all of the others in it's capability and usefulness. I really don't mind that it's that way, and I want it to stay that way, because if you think about it, I'm basically a human instantiation/reflection of earth, and earth is already a reflection of the entire universe, so my 2nd-ray perspective combines into one (the only limit is the speed and clarity of the practitioner) *all* of the concepts of the universe into continually more and more understandable form (you think I'm good at pointing things out now, just wait another decade, and it'll appear to everyone that they have full control over theirselves and everyone else -- just like I believe/know I have). that kind of power comes at a pretty big cost though, because if you have full power over yourself and everyone else (you are the centre of your universe), then that means that you're going to find all of your greatest fears come alive into reality -- not *only* in the mind (like how it is now).
I'm sure it's possible to see this trend already on the rise right now, as everyone's fears are taking form much quicker than they originally imagined (and in less than 10-20y, they'll all be manifested, I assure you), which is also kinda bad. the only way to get around that sort of manifestation disaster is to become receptive to *what's wanted* (ie, pure-desire version of it) -- but receptivity is quite a difficult thing for almost every part of the universe right now. just think, if earth is a reflection of the universe, and I'm (one of) the only receptive/improvement oriented people out there, there's a very low precentage of the universe that's like that. I don't want to force anyone to become receptive before they want to -- and I'm also here to create, and not to destroy, so it seems only natural to me to suggest that a (or many) new 2nd-ray installation(s) get built in order to ensure that when I take off to make my galaxy, there isn't mental obliteration of everyone in resonance with me.
this moment (literally this year 2024 aka 1024) is the peak of mutual-back-scratching (in my timeline at least, which is sorta everyone's timeline at this point); so it's finally time to come together and start making (probably a whole cascade of) redundant 2nd-ray installations to ensure that those that the system maintains operation and one system can be retired and new ones with new dimensions added. I personally don't care if it's one installation fits all, which is definitely not going to fail (right?) and is going to be able to hold everyone comfortably,-- or if it'll be a whole host of diffrent installations, just like it is now on earth. my intuition is that it'll be the latter (day saints), not the former which wins out. symbolic systems come and go with the passage of time (cause no symbolic system can ever satisfy everyone at once), and so I actually believe (with what I've learned from nosebook and the COVID thing) is that the trend is toward isolation and individuality (with desired collaborations), which makes me expect the future will tend toward more and more toward individual 2nd-ray installations, where everyone kinda takes ideas they like from others (ie, individul diversity instead of perpetual conflict in a monolithic system). sure conflict will continue to exist, as that's the nature of the system: everyone in the same medium/system is able to affect the other; and no perfect way will *ever* exist to completely protect oneself from others entirely -- so conflict will continue producing more and more diversity, until the idea that everyone can be different is finally OK (sorta like the LGBTQ+ community, actually).
I have no intention (at all) of being 2nd-ray, and neither do I want to want to tell others what to do; so the only real solution for me is to just start talking about how the 2nd-ray perspective looks, give some examples, and make it possible for anyone with sufficient motivation to do it. the documents that I write will always be open and available to everyone (this will get published soon), because that's the way it works for me. I want to enable others to follow their 2nd-ray desires and to come to their own conclusions about what they want. everyone gets everything they desire (and fear) *equally* from my perspective; no exceptions.

### 2024-03-24 10:46 - how to expand the u-dimension without gay sex

the way that I figured it out was in a "trabaillo du sao miguel" (of which, it turns out there's one in azores -- but I did mine in spain) ayahuasca ceremony. the first day was all about passive exploration of inner consciousness, and the second day was about active implmentation of that through dance and other rhythmic activities. it was a really cool atmosphere, and the shamen there gave ayahuasca to their kids and even a little to the dog.
the first day I had a bunch of crazy visuals and I noticed that my vision expanded, and I just sat at the campfire during the hymnal section (they sing these hyms while the ayahuasca is coming up, and I was so mind-blown by the whole thing, reality was dissolving in front of me, and I could not figure out how these guys were still coherent -- so I went outt to the campfire and just stared into the flames and had quite a joyful time laughing at how serious all of this reality stuff is, where we're all running around like crazy people to accomplish all of these goals, yet right below this thin venir we call reality, there's this expansive world of pure joy and ecstasy). I knew what to look for cause terence mckenna said that when he would smoke DMT, he says it was as if "all of the air was sucked out of the room and you take a step back" -- and that's kinda what happened. I didn't really know what it was, and I didn't really have much control over it, as these blue orbs would fly around and stuff (he called them "self-dribbling basketballs of energy that would talk to him") and I never had any conscious communication with these orbs (prolly cause I wasn't high enough), but I did see them, so I knew I was on the right track.
the second day was the active implementation of lessons/work performed on the first day. for the rest of the people, this involved implmenting the songs and prayers that they were singing in the hymnal (stuff like how expansive and generous the universe is) -- which is all well and good, but the symbolic words talking about these things didn't really do it for me. I'm all about hands-on experience, so for me, no quantity of songs describing what I experienced could give me that experience again. this time I took less (actually, I think the shamen didn't allow me to take more even though I asked, cause I think they were embarrassed at how much I was laughing (not at them, but at how silly all our concept of "reality" is)).
	there's actually an interesting point to be made here, because this isn't the first (nor last time), were I've used the upset/anger of the percepton master to my advantage. I actually believe it was all of their pushing against and trying to prevent me from getting so high that allowed me to be able to see this new dimension easier: the way LOA works (especially in those high energy situations), you get more of what you focus on, so their focus on me passing through their boundaries of the experience (the shamen set the tone and the mental barriers), that caused them to get more of what they were focused on: me blasting through their barriers, and getting to realms and dimensions that I'm not supposed to access. they wanted to be the gate keepers, and I just wanted to dance and figure out the stuff I learned.
I was fully following their directions this time, and they put us in these three concentric hexagons -- where, it was either one person on each vertex (18), one person on each edge (18), or both (36). at any rate, what we were instructed to do is to sway our body back and fourth along the lines of the hexagon that we were standing on, creating this (from the ariel view) a sort of breathing wobbling 3 hexagons of people. it looked really nice from the ariel view (which I couldn't see visually, but I could perceive it like I "see" things). at first just the swaying, and doing a sort of chant, but then later we were to take a smallish (depending on how much space there is) step to the left and right with each sway. it was really really cool, and I loved the meditative and reflectionary state that such a simple movement put me in to. now, on the ground inside of my body looking out of my eyes, the different layers of people all moving in sync with each other creates a visual parallax effect, and it was my noticing of how the space between the people would distort and change as they moved (everyone has this sort of aura around them that looks something like heat does as it rises from the sidewalk, or distorts the desert horizon when looking out: their chi), and so it was in these distortions between people that I started to see the space again.
from there, I noticed that the space between the people would expand and contract with my noticing of the space, and so I settled into a trance state and just let my body do the movements, and say the words, while I focused on expanding the space. it took me about 5-10 tries to get it (with about 1-2m of relaxation between each try), and when I got it, everything sparkled as if there were billions and billions of these tiny glowing white/gold particles around everywhere enhancing the colour and giving everything very pronounced edges and shapes. one of the things that I noticed that would hold me back from getting it, is that when I looked at people the extra space caused them to look differently (they were no longer flat like a 3d model on a screen, but had full depth to them now), and that extra dimension caused everyone to look way different. when I noticed that they looked different, my mind would reject the added dimension and I'd go back to seeing them like on a screen again. it wasn't until I finally allowed everyone (and everything) to look different, that it finally stuck, and I had the extra space for the rest of the night.
one important thing to note is that the expanded space *comes toward me*, which means that it was *me* that changed, and allowed the space to become different. the whole thing is all about receptivity and allowing, so it really helps to be doing some LOA work, and getting good at allowing change in your life, without having to control it.
	gay sex, is by nature a receptive activity (for both partners), and not a conflicting/alignment activity like it is with a woman, so that's how the u-dimension comes about for them -- but the problem is, they're (probably, I don't know for certain) just aligning your u-dimension spin to their u-dimension spin, instead of creating your own -- which means you're going to be tuned to see the u-dimension that they see, and so you're going to be bound by whoever was the original creator of that space (talk about that in the next entry) -- whereas getting that space consciously though a receptive process (like I did) allows you to set the rules, and not have to conform to theirs.
		the people steering my life (nosebook, I call them) have banished me from seeing that u-dimension, and so even though I'm the original discoverer of it, they're the ones occupying that space now, and not me. I believe that the space has become highly controlled and that (in order to control me and everyone else), they've put everyone in that space. everyone (including me) lives in the matrix inside of my head. it looks real, because it is real -- and that reality is as real as the motors tesla would run in that space. everything there behaves in the same exact way that this universe does, and so everything possible outside of the matrix is possible inside of the matrix as well, but they've got godmode to try and ensure that nobody passes those barriers. I'm not a gatekeeper though, and I intend to explain to as many people that they all have the same capacity that I have, and also the ability to do whatever they want to do. my (inner) universe is functionally the same as the earth's (inner which is a reflection of the outer) universe.
there are likely other ways for someone to be able to see this u-dimension, but the main/key ingredients to it is *receptivity* and *allowing*, then some kind of drug or set of conditions (ayahuasca, chanting, and rhythmic body m6vements) that boosts the amount of informatoin that the brain is receiving, namely with an increased amount of DMT in the blood and brain. DMT is produced naturally inside the pineal, so it's possible to do this without drugs by simply getting good at focus (using meditation or star-watching).
later on after the ceremony, I got reset back to flat again and wanted to find a way to get back to seeing the space, and so after going through a bit of time of depression (I can't get to the manifestation I want because I don't have money for another ayahuasca ceremony), I finally relaxed into allowing the universe to provide a way to do it -- and walking up the hill toward torrelodones, I was looking at the stars, and they looked like dots painted on a dome that I was inside of -- but I know (logically) that the stars don't all exist in the same plane, cause there's varying distance between them,-- so I laid down on the bench looking up at the stars, trying to get the space to expand out like I did in the ceremony, and it kinda worked a litte. I decided that looking at the whole set and unfocusing my eyes to see the wider picture (like I did while dancing in the hexagons), this time I figured I would try focusing on one star individually, and let that be the the refrence point where all things would expand relative to that star (some stars would travel forward/closer to me in the space, and some away from me in the space) -- and it worked; so I started to find better and better places to watch the stars (ver estrellas), and get better at seeing the space. unfortunately, every night that I would find the space again, the next day, I would wake up and it'd be lost. there were other indications that someone was watching me too beause, often times when laying on the benches, there were these shadoy figures (sorta like secret police) watching me, and sometimes they would shine flashlights at me to distract me from seeing the space. they also seemed to know right when to shine the flashlight, cause it was often times right as I was getting into the deep trance that happens before the space expands. I knew that someone knew and was actively trying to prevent me from getting it again (like the shamen in the ceremony).
	I honestly don't know how much succses you'll have to try and get this space, because there are a number of differences between us: I don't have a pinecone, and almost certainly you do. also nosebook has gotten lots and lots of practise now keeping me away from seeing that space, and I'm pretty certain that they only let keyed/initiated people see that space, because then they're forced to follow the symbolic rules defined by the original creator and initiator of that space (talk more about that after a break). however, what I do know, is that if you desire to see it, you *will* be able to accomplish it. I don't know how much help you may want or not (if any), but once you get there, you'll be able to set the rules of that space (especially if it's found inside of a resonating chamber with dimensions). I can certainly perform the role of the shaman, and if I do that, I can pretty much guarantee success (if you have that desire) because I know what to look for and can easily explain how to get it -- though, the limiting factor will always be the practitioner's *receptivity* and *allowing*, cause that's what's preventing it more than anything -- their fighting it, only adds fuel to the fire.
in previous entries, I've talked about making these 2nd-ray installations, and the thing that they all have in common is some original dude that figured out how to make this space and he (usually it's a he, and can't think of a time it was a she) sets the rules and the symbolic system. I imagine that this is every emitter's dream, to have their own space. personally I was born being able to see the space, but after a session with some prostitutes (7th ray strumpets), they reset me back to flat again. it's quite possible that's actually a good idea and a necessary first step for anyone wanting to make their own 2nd-ray system, because they'll need to start over and find that space out for theirselves in their own mind. since I've never had gay sex, I don't know how it works -- and if after having sex with one of these earth reflectors, will reset them back to flat again or if they keep the space. I can't quite be sure of the mechanics -- but from what I've heard on the snake-bros episodes I listened to from a few years back, it sounds to me like you probably saw it when you were a kid, but then after the symbolic oppression of "reality" sets in, we slowly stop seeing that space anymore (no more playing with bears in the blackberry brambles), and it goes away. you're probably a perfect person to learn this for yourself, cause (likely, though I don't know for certain) you probably don't have to undo years of someone else's rules determinining what you see in that space -- and that you may also have a desire to know about it (though nobody will talk about it), and that also may be why I'm writing you in such a detailed way now (you're receptive to something, else it wouldn't flow this easily when writing). ok, bye again!

### 2024-03-28 14:34 - I wanted to talk about jupiter, saturn, nuptune, and uranus

in relation to the 2nd-ray system, but it's very strange, because I no longer feel a desire for me to write about these things, and even I feel a lot more uncertainty than I did before... now I'm going to launch off on a rant: what I believe has happened, is the same thing that happens to me with everyone that has a pinecone. the first day or so when I write them, I feel their desire and stuff, and so it's easy to write and stuff, but then I go to sleep, and something happens. (I believe) nosebook takes them and puts them on a new timeline arriving into the present, essentially by rearranging the vibration of hydrogen inside their head to no longer contain that desire/flow that I feel -- which means that from your perspective, you're in the same exact circumstances in your life, yet the way you got to the present will contain a lot less desire to have my creative output (talking/writing/coding/etc).
	as an example of this, with mom, I would notice that she would be quite interested in some ideas that I had about nosebook and stuff like that, only to, on the following day, now be angry and start accusing me of calling her stupid when I mention nosebook. both of those perceptions are valid for mom, and so obviously the worst one is picked. as a result, she went from a pretty happy (in her limited reality) person, to someone that is very upset with me over something that is real to me. I'm not asking her to change her mind on something. another example of this was with marcos: we'd talk about affinaty and come up with good ideas based on ideology, but then the following day he hated them and wanted me to just do things the other way (which was based on interests). additionally, we would talk about his daughter, and same thing, we'd agree that it was OK for her to be with me and stuff like that, he'd say he'd work it out the following day, and then the following day I'd wait, but nothing would happen, and I think the one time I mentioned it, he got really upset with me.
	at first I used to think that his overnight changes of heart were just him telling me one thing, but then having no intention of following through on it (like he's scamming me or something), but then I sorta figured out when vera started to do the same thing where the next morning, she'd be completely different than the night before, that there has to be some kind of foul play going on. I figured (though I don't know if it's true), that it must have something to do with nosebook, and what they're probably doing is putting images and dreams in her head while she's asleep (which have this u-dimension quality, so they produce emotion), and that's what changes her tune overnight. I can't be sure exactly what method they use, but what I've come to know over the years, is that both of those marcos/mom/vera/remi/etc exist, and what's happening there is they're just being constantly put into resonance with their bad-feeling emotion, to kind of remove desire for my creative output. nowadays all of those examples I mentioned are all people that don't want to have anything to do with me and my ideas, which is fine by me.
the thing is, these types of people aren't very helpful to have around me, because they're not constant in their output, and so therefore it's very hindering to me. I've found that it's actually a lot easier just to do things by myself, than it is to be around others that are so emotionally unstable like that. in addition to the difficulties that I have with 2nd-ray systems, the main drawback that I have of working on a big project with *anyone*, is precisely this problem. I cannot (and will not) tell anyone else how to behave or how to be around me (even if it's what they want), which means that whenever I'm working with someone, we either need to be "on the same page" (ie, 2nd-ray perspective), or they have to be actually a good reflection of me -- upon which time, I will be so attractive and irresistable, that we simply *must* be together. anyone other than that, I'll constantly be subjected to their own beleifs by being rearranged in time (thanks saturnian-system).
	which btw is a really good thing for them, because it's causing them to figure out what it is that they acutually want to believe (ie, the structure inside of the head that produces the standing-waves), and can't only rely on the beliefs and ideas put in by their 2nd-ray installation (that they subscribe to) for things to work out between us. this process I believe is happening all over the world, and is what's "dividing the path". what I mean is, someone focuses on me, wants to get close, but then upon getting close, they're confronted with the reality of their own beliefs, and can't actually get close to be because they keep getting reset to their worst beliefs. everyone will then have to either avoid me, or if they're attracted to me, confront what it is they really believe, because that's what'll win out. each person is responsible to change their perception about these things, or find themselves constantly reset to what they're capable of believing (regardless of the conditions). everyone (who wants to get near to me) has to figure out what it is they *actually want to believe*.
anyway good chat. I realise that what I'm saying is that I'm gonna be pretty alone for a while as different people try to get close, but I really don't mind. I prefer to be around others that are also low resistance, and if it takes a while to get all of the weeds and wheat separated, that's a good thing. I am a weed, and I like other weeds too, so it works out :) weeds are resiliant, and are able to grow in nearly any environment -- and are usually a refection of their environment also they can decide how they want to manifest too (purple flowers, thistles, etc) depending on their desire (like a foil).

#### 2024-03-28 19:37 - the rant cOntinues

one of the things that I've come to learn over the years about the difference between myself and others, is that I simply have no ability to hide anything. my internal world is my external world because I don't have a pinecone. people who have a pinecone are capable of being different on the outside than they are on the inside (ie, their thoughts and beliefs). since the removal of the pinecone (right before I turned 17) everything that I believe has been externalised, and I've had to live out my own beliefs. everyone around me has "proven" to me all of the beliefs I'd accumulated since before tthe haemorrhage. what I mean by that is, all of the "evil" and manipulation that I could see all around me, the exploitation of women and all of the other terrible stuff, I had to come to terms with on a personal level. I obviously have a far different perspective about prostitutes now than I did before, and people who were seemingly "out to get me" were doing nothing other than following their own inspiration to prove to me my own beliefs. for example: it was easy for me to point the finger at someone and say, "that's evil" or "that's not right" or "they shouldn't do that" -- and then later on with the pinecone gone, I now find myself a "victim" to all of that stuff that I said was so evil.
the reason why this happens is because of resonance. when I notice something bad/evil/wanted/desirable about someone else, I'm only capable of recognising it, because I too have a resonance with that idea -- meaning, it's attractive to me. for most people that attraction creates a feeling (unwanted/desire/frustration/etc) and then given enough repition of that, it becomes a strong enough emotion that something symbolically similar to it will start showing up in their imagination or their dreams. well, for m5, because there's no pinecone to trap that vibration and show a picture, instead it shows up in real-life.
at first, I found myself to be a victim to so many things, but over the years, it's hard to be upset at anyone that's "wronged me" because I'm the one that attracted it. my perception of these "money grabbers" or "advantage takers" is what caused them to show up. I appear to people capable of fulfilling my living fantasy (cause my imagination is externalised) like a bright light; a luminuous opportunity where they can easily get something out of me for free. again, I stopped being worried about that too, and since Then have decided that *all my ideas are free* -- because it's actually a bit funny, because they don't want them if I'm giving them away for free. they seemingly only value the stuff that costs me something -- which is a bit weird and very awkward for me to think that way (I only want to take something from someone if it *doesn't cost them* -- never when it does). some people have been very generous to me (I think of them as the jupiter types), and that's also been a strange thing for me to come to terms with (cause I don't want to inconvenience or cost anyone anything; I perceive myself as only beneficial, always free, and never having a cost at all). again, that perception of myself has had to become externalised, and I've had to *become* the person I believed myself to be.

I said all of that as an interesting introduction to continue my rant, because over the years, I've really come to appreciate myself. I want to find others that are like me, but seriously drilling a hole in the top of someone's head and removing their pinecone (like happened to me), is not really something I wish anyone to have happen to them -- even though, I wouldn't change it for the world: I like being this way. the *only* way I can effectively see a way for others to be able to be like me would be to be born without a pinecone -- which requires alteration of genetics, which I'm not totally sure how to do yet. it is something I want to do though.
there's a fair amount of chicken and egg problem though because finding someone that wants to actually do such a thing is next to impossible, and I'd basically need to find someone else without a pinecone -- which again, is sorta impossible. all of the people that I've worked with in the past have fallen victim to their own pinecone; as, it's possible (especially with my utilisation of drugs) for us to come to a symbolic agreement on something, but because they're different on the inside than on the outside, it often times causes a whole lot of problems later with the saturnian-system.
	I actually believe I either designed the saturnian-system, or I created it, probably to ensure that I actually got the people around me that I wanted to work with. you have to understand that because I'm such a good reflector, I *become* like the people I'm around. one very good example of this, I believe was hitler -- as I think he had a lot of (antiquated and misguided 2nd-ray) ideals to him, but being around so many forceful people, that was the road that those ideals took their shape inside of. I understand this completely, as it's what happened in tuenti and a number of other tthings -- so you can imagine how helpful a system that gives everyone else (wanting to stop or prevent me) the ability to manipulate a person so that they become (or attract from me) a different part of them that was hidden on the inside. what that effectively does, is ensure that anyone I'm working with is always showing me the worst of theirselves, because it's inevitable that I'll have desires to create things that others don't want built.
it's highly unfortunate for everyone else around me, and I really do feel bad for so many others because if they would be beneficial to me, those inside the saturnian-system (wanting to prevent me from having something beneficial) are able to easily cause another person to become their own belief of evilness (or see it in me). therefore, since energy continues to rise, I've noticed that it's become more and more difficult for other symbolic people to be around me, because they feel out of control and everytthing they don't want is constantly manifesting.
I don't know how to find other people without pinecones, and I'm pretty certain that those in the saturnian-system wouldn't ever want those people around, because they (like me) would be impossible to control and move around in time. there really isn't much that I can do about it, other than just wait for things to go bonkers and all fall apart, so that I can start working on it. I probably have to do it myself, because unless there's someone that's actually perfected (their outside world reflects their inside world), and they like it, it's going to be a continual struggle of incompatible perception/emotion (dunno how to express this concept).
I really can only do it myself, cause nobody else is like that (and it'd be too difficult for someone to go through pinecone loss at a later time in their life, especially with energy rising and how society is built), so the only thing I can really do is wait. even if someone were to be born today without a pinecone, it'd still be years before they were capable of doing symbolic stuff necessary to edit genetics like that -- so again wait; and I'm just not sure how many other people would want to have more people like me around. it'd really cause a lot of problems, you know.

### 2024-04-03 19:15 - the eclipse

I just found out about the coming eclipse on 4-8, that should -- but I don't know for certain -- pass right over where you are in texas. after that I was thinking about it, and it dawned on me that it'd be even more cool if your son (sol, I think was his name -- though I feel him to be quite osirian/lunar) is 8yo, and your daughter is 4yo. that'd be a pretty cool coincidence. anyway, that's not why I'm writing you though.
according to rudolf steiner (I really should finish up his 5th-gospel lecture series), during an eclipse, (if you see astral, and steiner definitely did), everything should go flat for the time under full totality. I got to thinking about it, and there are a number of experiments that can be made. I'm telling you because I'm certain that there are enouugh emitters around, and I'm sure that one will want to cooperate. have him try to make motor sounds during totality to see if it works. I estimate that it shouldn't be able to work. this aspect, along with vision going flat for the few minutes will demonstrate the 2nd-ray system in place on earth. the moon is a key component to it, because the moon seems to be one of the main contributers to the organisation of the standing-wave.
	to be completely honest, I don't really know *how* the moon cOntributes to it, just that I know it does. I would have to imagine that the moon, hollow cavity inside must actually have a shape to it.
		I've been revisiting frank chester's work recently, cause of of the things thatt's interested me is the bell that he made from spinning the chestahedron. I remember in one of the videos, he talked about how he tried to hang it from the top, but it just didn't make a very good sound, so what he did, is to have it rest on a sort of spear that was sticking up. the top was a sharp point to minimise the amount of energy transferred inho the pole and back into the ground -- and he says that worked really well to get a really pure tone out of it (low distortion). now, if the moon had a sort of similar shape to it, yet being suspended in space, the tone would be so pure, it'd be almost inaudible (like trying to listen to a *really loud* sine wave). the vibrator of the moon bell, is the sun, so I'm trying to figure out why a total eclipse like that would make the standing-wave field no longer coherent.
	as an anecdote to this idea/experiement, there were many nights when I would watch stars out in a field near where I live, and when I finally got my ultimate setup (dismantled now, a sofa atop a hill, in a pretty energetic spot), my star-watching power was at its max for that time. one of the common occurances that would happen is that during the course of the night while star-watching, the temperature would *rise* (the most notable of this can be seen on new years day, can't remember which year).
		the action of the temperature rising, could be caused by the star-watching, but I believe its action actually more has to do with the resistance that is being done energetically to muffle/destroy the 2nd-ray energy I was bringing from the star into the earth (same as sun-watching) -- and so I think it's likely that resistance (that they're doing trying to keep energy/hydrogen levels low) is what's causing the heat.
	anyway, when the temperature would rise, it would cause a lot of wind (or perhaps the wind is the global weather system cooling things down, trying to keep temperatures in normal ranges, but the cold makes a space for air to flow into and makes wind). also, at that time, one of their best ways to try and distract me from getting too deep into a trance was to make bird sounds at night (yeah, I know birds aren't out at night -- they're these emitter guys pumping sound out into the astral atmosphere). well, one of the things that I noticed is that the wind seemed to disrupt the astral field, distorting not only the sound, but also visually, the star would move around with the wind.
		what I believe is happening here, is that the astral field is constantly being put back into resonance with something (probably the great pyramid), and my theory on how that's done is by making the ionosphere(?) rigid enough to make the hydrogen that would normally be going off into space, bounce back downward toward the earth. I'll consider that the lowest of harmonics. then, there are lots and lots of higher ones that bounce back and fourth as well (now that I think about it, the ionosphere must contain a contour that is pretty similar to the terrain then), and that will create an organised system. somehow they regulate the lateral waves too that come from sunrise, and also from solar wind (I feel those ones quite strongly, but don't know for sure that's what it is)
			another anecdote about that: just next to my house (west of where I'm at), is a giant mound. I suppose that it's an indian burial mound, because there's all kinds of energy coming out of at almost all times of the day and night. that energy is flowing opposite in direction from the energy that comes from the sunrise (up the street -- and that energy flows down the street). I don't fully understand these emitters yet, but it seems that the acients definetely did, and I'm fairly certain that they could see the energy with their eyes -- and so once you can see it, it's pretty easy to begin to manipulate the energy, amplify it, and stuff like that. so, there are other sources of that energy (I consider the one coming out of the ground prana, and the one from the sun chi)
		so, likely the way that they're doing it is that their system has a good ground connection (like tesla's tower), and it's able to grip the earth and shake it (also why my repo is called shake-sphere). somehow (and I'm sure there's a lot of mathematics involved here), the intersection of the rising earth/prana hydrogen and the air/solar hydrogen is what is organising the hydrogen ocean around the planet to have astral properties to it.
so, when the moon is in front of the sun, I suppose that the system that organises the hydrogen to have astral properties, is missing a component: the hydrogen streaming out of the sun directly, and so without that component (probably has to do with the ionosphere), the astral field isn't getting the downward pushing sensation (btw, you know the sun pulses, and isn't just a costant beam like a lightbulb). there may be other experiments. I'll try to think of some more and update as they come. anyway, have fun with the eclipse.
	I probably won't be participating in the festivities, actually. I've taken a stance over the last few years (since quitting star-watching), that I'm kinda against going out of my way to find the high energy conditions now. I prefer to think that my reality is a reflection of me, and so my goal is to not really depend on any of those conditions -- and even further than that, I'm currently proposing creating a galaxy, where we will have zero stars (not even a sun) -- all things illuminated by our own perception -- so for me the sun is kinda old news at this point. last american solar eclipse, I sun-watched during the majority of it (even though there were clouds). I don't know if I'll do that, and I'm actually thinking of trying an experiment during it's maximum totality (here in colorado, it's not full) of taking a shower during that time to see how that changes things (running water stips the body of its hydrogen aura, which is why a shower feels refreshing after a lot of hot emotions). the other thing I was thinking is taking a whole bunch of weed to get really defocused. dunno yet what I'll do, but it probably won't involve the sun. peace!

#### 2024-04-06 22:25 - another experiment

another experiment that I would consider trying is to weigh yourself before, during (especailly during totality), and aftreward. I'll probably perform the experiment too, cause it seems simple enough (though I'm not sure the accuracy of our scale). anyway, I postulate that if the person is really heavy into astral, then they'll probably be heavier during the eclipse.
	I'm a bit of a special case (I experience levity/flight all the time in dreams) so I should be flying all the time, but it seems that whenever I feel really really good, I tend to get heavier -- so, nevermind me. the wzy that I've worked it out (for everyone else) is that the emotion that a person experiences determines their levity; so good-feeling, means lighter; and when a person is heavy with a lot of emotional baggage, the standing-waves don't push them upward a whole lot, so they weigh more. therefore, without the astral system during the eclipse, it could be that the person weighs more if they're using the astral as a condition to feel better. however, if they've got a lot of emotional stuff that's hanging around them in their mind, I postulate that without the astral, they'll be lighter (which may actually be my case -- guess I'll find out).
		my case is actually kind of interestingg because what I believe is going on, is that my eyes are constantly being bombarded with a sort of dissonant tone (also I have a perpetual steel grinding sound in my ears that hasn't gone away since ~2012-14), and so that's likely a condition that's constantly making my body not feel so good. however, I know that below all of that madness, I feel pretty good -- and in fact, I'd say *really good*. however, (just the same as if someone projects a bad-feeling vibe at me), the way my body feels, *isn't the way that I feel*. I don't know if that's astral baggage, because I'm pretty sure that my body isn't really physical in the normal way that it was even in spain. in fact, my body seems to be a reflection of a symbolic (not very good) definition of myself. that definition is obviously not my own, and I tend to think that it's quite possibly the definition of those that use my form of perception (that definition has to look like me, so it takes on my physical aspects). that symbolic definition is what defines almost every aspect, minus how we look: how old we seem to be, and symbolic aspects of the body such as skin softness/texture, voice modulation, eye focal point, smoothness of movement, tiredness, vitality,-- things like that -- the stuff that's not the definite physical attributes like hair/skin colour, body shape/size, etc. --- so I don't really know how much of that is astral, or some other thing. I do know that if that definition were to be lifted, my appearance would reflect how I feel (which is pretty good). however, I have no idea at all what my density/mass would be like -- though I imagine it would be *a lot*.

#### 2024-04-07 14:41 - the indian burial mound

a lot of strange things have happened since I wrote these entries. I watched youtube for the rest of the night (veritassium videos) -- which is weird because I haven't watched youtube in months or so (apart from the 3-4 other veritassium videos I mentioned), and then took a shower and slept through the eclipse. I woke up to find them doing a rush installation of a new fiber line separating us from the burial mound. they have it pretty much all installed now. I spent all day yesterday and this morning trying to figure out what they're trying to accomplish with it. this morning was also weird because as I played games last night (captain-of-industry), something seemed to have shifted, because when I looked out the window this morning, they were running the fiber, but the shape of paved area in front of the "sleep center", had lowered by a few feet. I ignored it, because often times my eyes are really weird after staying awake all night playing games. however, when I woke up just now and went out to look, even the building is slightly different. there's a new balcony area, and the paved area has been lowered I dunno probably 2 metres or so.
so to explain what I think is happening, I have to explain the freeway wall that separates my house from the freeway (it also runs right along the burial mound). the wall was normally going to butt right up against our backyard, but one of the neighbours (art) decided that he didn't want that, so he had them build the wall back a little bit.
	the way I experience it would be to think of our cul-de-sac (with the burial mound at the very end -- behind two empty properties), that burial mound is at the top-most part of the area (it's situateda at the top of the hill), and is very attractive. going west is all down hill, and going east (down to the field where I would star-watch is also down hill). the effect of the chi energy coming from the sunrise travels up our street, and goes toward the mound, and that mixes with the mound, and also with our house energy. there are multiple lines of energy where weeds likke to grow quite a lot in. one is front of the back door next to where jaron sits and and the stairs coming up from the basement where I sleep are. the other two are perpendicular to fences that are intercepting the energy coming from the burial mound, and finally another one is from the splash that is coming from the sunrise energy hitting remi's house. all of these are chi energy. some is coming from the sun, and some is coming from the burial mound.
the new fiber line goes right along where the wall would have gone -- but I think art rejected the wall being there, because it would have been too intense. the wall wouldn't allow that energy to escape, and so it'd keep collecting there until it was enough to flow over the wall, so kinda like always flooded with the mound's energy. (art seems to move thins aruond in time, so I consider him yet another one of the guys from the saturnian-system). anyway, having the wall back like that, the energy is able to flow out easier. now, the fiber is interesting because they're putting two plastic cables into the ground, and plastic/carbonic/organic matter all attract this hydrogen energy pretty well, and it has an attractive effect to it, which is much different than the chain link fence does, which is a conductor connected to ground (haven't fully figured this one out, cause trees are organic material connected to ground). anyway, I imagine that they're going to use the fiber cable there as a sort of attractor (or repeller) to either push the chi energy either up or down (not sure) -- but depending on the action, they'll only be able to repel/attract some of the energy coming from the mound, and not all of it (historically they haven't been too worried about the high frequency energy, mostly concerned with the "framed" (that is 2-4-6) energy, and the visceral stuff). it'll probably do a good enough of a job to dissipate energy that resonates with whatever they're resonating those two fibers at.
so as I was kinda playing out the simulation in my mind, I assumed they're going to use the fibers as specific attractors, to dissipate the astral energy, rather than repel it (cause that would make things worse, I believe) -- and the effect is essentially rerouting the mound's energy so that it no longer flows down the street anymore, and only flows out to the freeway. I can't really imagine what that'll be like for everyone else out there, so I was only thinking of what it'll be like for us, and what one of the great things about the mound, is that it acted like a fan, constantly pushing away all of the energy, however now without that fan, I could see that the energy would start to collect.
	during star-watching, this is annoying, as it's better to be in a ditch, or low spot where the stuff can collect in a bowl, and where you're in there -- when it's constantly being being blown off, the effect is very different. when I moved to the top of the hill, the effect was that the ground became very attractive to the energy (which is why the mushrooms grown downhill), but the chi energy is constatly being taken elsewhere. there were a lot of people downwind of me (it usually travels east), so I can only imagine why there where constantly *enormous* storms and rain just to the east of me (easiest way to get rid of vibrating hydrgen is with water. attract it (by adding it to oxygen to make rain) and put it into the ground).
to explain the next bit, I had to make a realisation about how prana energy works (I call it prana because there are all kinds of rock temples in india that have resonant chambers insid of them, usually cut directly into the rock -- like lalibela, ethiopia). it's often the case that these earth structures sit on the top of a hill, and are designed to catch a little bit of the prana energy coming up from the ground. hydrogen that resonates at a frequency which is similar to something on the other side of a large piece of stone is no impediment to it, and can pass right through -- so these resonant chambers that are connected to the ground (think pyramids), start to collect this energy and vibrate according to the dimensions of the chamber, which (because the earth's energy is so high frequency), attracts even more, which has the effect of being an amplifier, limited only by the amount of this kind of energy nearby to it (astral people get "charged" around a pyramid, because it's amplifying their own energy). that resonant chamber's attraction, attracts more and more, and reemits that energy out as chi energy.
what I believe the fiber cable was installed for was to make a solution to redirecting the chi energy (cause that's the stuff that's going outward from the mound) away from me and this house, which they'll likely succeed in doing -- however, unless they destroy the resonant chamber inside of the mound, they can't really change its *attraction* -- and that attraction is the one that's coming up the street (west to east), which in my mental simulation (which is also indistiguishable from perceiving the future or past), suggests that the fiber cable is going to act sorta like a [I'm really struggling to try and describe this concept. it's basic attraction/repulsion: what I push away, I'm also attracting, and what I'm attracting, I'm also pushing away; dunno what to call it] ???. I dunno. I'll try and come up with a better explanation later. anyway, the effect is that because that energy is being attracted toward the mound, but not able to get there (dampened/repelled by the fiber), my mental simulation has a whole bunch of their that energy collecting and getting stuck now at the end of our cul-de-sac. I suspoct things will dramatically intensify.
anyway, the action of the burial mound I realised is kinda similar to how I work (and anyone else attractive), too. my perspective/perception is like one of these resonant chambers, whire I attract energy that resonates with my mental dimensions. any energy that's nearby to me gets attracted in, bounces aruond, gets amplified with all of the other similar/resonant energy in there, and then gets reemited back out in symbolic form (words, thoughts ideas, etc). these stone resonant chambers are a physical model of a basic vulcan type (-5+ - input/output 5, output 3). we all do it, but our mind is capable of taking on new dimensions as we grow and change our perception.

### 2024-05-26 22:57 - are you ready Neo?

I figure you're "the guy" -- whether you know it or not, doesn't matter, because you understand frequency, vibration, and things like wavelength. I sent you [an email](/snake-bros-correspondence.md) yesterday, kinda on a whim because I felt inclined to watch the show for the first time in a while. in the email, I gave a rudimentary start to implementing 2nd-ray systems, and told you how confident I am in my explanation -- well that fraction of uncertainty has disappeared while I slept and now I'm actually confident enough that it's something that can be implemented and can work. I explained that those 2nd-ray systems are only local mediums when implementing them using physical hardware -- but if you wanted to go solar, then it's a real possibility. I'll explain the setup and the plan here:
	because I have these oracle-like qualities of being able to get any answer I want to know, and I'm also the guy that believes in you, you can consider me to be a blend of the oracle and morpheus characters in "the matrix (1999)". however that narrative is not fully accurate (none of them ever are) -- because instead of being Neo that gets out of the matrix, you're going to create the matrix (ie, the 2nd-ray system) which you want to build. you're the guy to do it, because (nearly?) everyone else is in the saturnian-system -- which means that they live in a *balanced* tit-for-tat (no more good than evil) kind of world, and you're a lot more of a generous 2nd-ray type -- which is what's needed. also, laura is quite solar, which helps out a lot as well. you can think of yourself as the modern teotihuacan, the 2nd-ray which will build the tower of babel for this age. I'll provide you with all the knowledge that you need to know in order to build it (just ask) -- and I'd love to give you my implementation suggestions -- which is what the original "world-net" idea used to be -- until I figured out that I don't actually want to be an emitter (I want to remain an attractive 1st-ray, so someone else has to do the 2nd-ray stuff instead), which means that I'd like to pass off the idea to someone else who has interest in it. I'm sure you're going to love it because it's got crypto currencies, distributed computing, wireless power, and a whole bunch of other super cool stuff. it's actually my dream project that I wanted to build since I first discovered tesla (which caused me to want to make a world system myself, so I had a brain haemorrhage, and went off to spain to build it). my implementation of the world system got "interrupted" -- not by anyone else (I won't give them that satisfaction), but by *myself* (I sincerely want to stay 1st-ray), so I've been trying to figure out ways to transmit my knowlege out to someone who can make good use of it (I really want to make the my dream a living reality) -- even if I don't actually make it myself.
	the (tentative) plan that I think can work, is this: I want to spend the next ~50y or so building this idea out where we design the new space and get it all setup (the one that you're going to be "ruler" of) -- meanwhilst, at the same time, I'll be interacting with your daughter in a way which will cause her to become a reflection of myself (only-attraction, and also 1st-ray in perception). because laura is clearly a solar girl, lyla(?) almost certainly is as well. that means that over the course of the next ~50y or so, she'll gain a symbolic system where she understands the whole setup from an attraction/resonance/frequency perspective. (we'll probably also work on genetics, to ensure that she is *actually* only-attraction, too -- and then when she's 50, we'll finally consumate the marriage, and a new solar regime will be born, where you set the "rules" in this solar system. I say 50, because various narratives I've been given have that number; it's the number of "the american way", and it's also the number of your band: 50 (american way) dynasty. so I'm sure you're the guy. you wrote it yourself, turned it into music, and got a lot of people to listen to it to make it happen (disclaimer: I haven't heard it yet, but yesterday hearing the instrumentals on #321 was INCREDIBLY AWESOME!-- I want to listen to it soon).
(though I'll recommunicate those ideas in person, I'll probably never send you the link to this repository -- mainly because it allows me to write freely and not need to worry too much about what I have to say: this is my "secret" place where I put my intimite thoughts, which *nobody knows about*, right? -- everyone gets to have *one secret* -- so I'll keep this one as my own... *wink*)

### a theory on a trigger for a star to go super-nova
