# discord-watcher
I forgot what I asked you by now. I'm really sorry... anyway, so I had a bunch of genetics ideas I wanted to ask a pro about whenever you get a chance, but I think I've figured out the answers to my questions since then (life works like that)... I'll tell you my theory though: in the ep where you guys were talking about the bigfoot DNA, you said that some of the samples had YY pairs which isn't known to exist on earth. I did some looking into it, and I found out that the Y is basically like an antenna to the sun, with some symbolic/conditional parameters related to the (this could take a while to explain, sorry) -- so, the father (and the mother, but mostly the father) has an idea about what the kid should be like, and these are symbolic/quantifiable qualities, like athletic, good looking, etc., all the way up to being the king of briton or the lion of judah -- and during orgasm, that symbolic system is present in the event, which if it's compatible with the mother's symbolic system (ie, she too wants a son that's good looking or king arthur) then the boy is born with those symbolic qualities (ie, he's a mercury). however, if he's not, then the Y's conditions get discarded and the X is taken instead. some women have Y's as well (I call them venus and solar girls/isis), and the solar girls usually have the orange hair -- so sometimes the son can inherit the mother's Y as well (if the father's symbolic conditions during orgasm match the mother's symbolic/calculated desire for how she wants her son to be), but if neither of the symbolic systems are in agreement, then XX male is born instead (usually mars and vulcan), and the symbolic system will get put into the testes of the son.
however if neither the father or mother have preference for the gender, then a standard XX earth girl is born. when I say earth girl, I'm referring to the fact that the X is necessary for life on earth. Y can only really exist in a symbolic system like astral, spectral/saturnian, or solar perception. X is conceptual, which means that it turns vibrating hydrogen clumps (like the ones in the sky, the ether, and in your brain) into physical data. also, I don't know if science talks about this or not, but the X is black, a lot like carbon, and it's basically the central hub for turning vibrating hydrogen (depending on where the cell is in your body) into something symbolic like an electrical signal (which goes down the nervous system). so the X is necessary for human experience, because it's kinda like the repository for turning vibration into things.. so one part of the X will tell you how green looks (ie the wavelength that is being perceived corresponds to the concepts/hydrogen blobs orbiting in the brain (each hemisphere is slightly different)) and also all sorts of cultural stuff (like what's attractive) and emotional stuff, like how to respond to different conceptual situations (a conceptual situation is like a bunch of tiny stars orbiting in the brain, which spin up in responce to the visual/symbolic stimulus), and when those match the vibration of the X in that part, the whole body (every cell that gets noticed of it) reacts immediately doing the things that need to be done (like making hormones, adrenaline, etc). so, no YY is not possible *on earth*, but it's my supposition that the bigfoot sightings are actually people interacting with astral beings who can have YY DNA. (time to stop talking, lol)
btw I have tons more ideas on the bigfoots. I call them enkidu, because that's what they are.. they're watching us from astral all the time, and sometimes someone pulls them into physical, and they start to take on more human form after experience with the ishtar XX earth girls types... they have conceptual programs which can lower the amount of hair (hair btw is like an antenna), which is what makes him physical without the X, but with her X, it can allow him to be sensitive to earth concepts without needing the hair to catch the symbolic signals directly (he can translate the vibrating hydrogen himself, instead of being sensitive to the symbolic translations of those concepts by others in his surroundings). also, I say him, but later enkidu has found female forms as well
