# geometry-workspace

### 2024-04-07 14:45 - conversation with andy

yesterday, I interrupted my thoughts on the eclipse to send an email to andy (baker). we're talking about geometry, and so while it's a bit cumbersome to include the whole conversation, I'll include the relevant geometry parts here, because they're interesting... his energy is quite different from yours, but for whatever reason I decided to skip over to emailing him, instead of emailing you, so it's mixed now. I'm going to mix it even further -- by putting this in here (sorry I'm so destructive). I know you like geometry and stuff, so hopefully it'll work out (it probably won't).

---

anyway, the cube to dodecahedron transformation is actually not a difficult one once you know what to look for. I first heard about it from frank chester (though I don't remember him saying how to do it). anyway, I've figured out how to do it:
1. to construct a dodecahedron, we're going to lay down one pentagon right next to another (so their edges touch). then we're going to bend them at the edge until the V on either side of the joined edge is at the angle of one of the pentagram points (144(degrees)) -- and that's where we're going to insert the third pentagram.
2. the angle and shape where these three pentagrams come together will now form the point (divide a circle into 3 and bend the edges back so they form a 3-sided pyramid). there are 4 of these points to a dodecahedron, (so keep these points in mind, because that's what we're going to be making).
3. now, take the cube and select any 4 parallel edges of your desire, and what we're going to do is split the vertex at the end of each of these edges into three (the 3-sided pyramid). the edges that come out of that vertex from the 3 split will each have the exact same angle as the V where we inserted the third pentagram... now, push the edges of the cube in further, such that the lines from the 3-sided pyramid are all going to have the unit length of the side of the pentagram, and you should be looking at a dodecahedron.

---

the reason why this transformation of "pushing the edges" is so important, is (for a number of reasons), but these are the ones that come to me now:
1. you'll notice that 4 parallel edges being pushed splits 8 vertices (producing 24 new edges).
2. those 8 vertices are interesting because they feel kinda feel similar to the difference between a cube and an octahedron.
	- each vertex for a cube travels 1/2 of a unit away from the centre along all all there of the axises -- and then the lines that are formed between each of those verticies are all of unit length. this is where root-3 (which passes through the centre) comes from. for the octahedron, each vertex extends out of the centre and travels only along one axis. therefore we can think of the root-3 diagonal as being formed from traveling out from the centre in 3 full units of direction (3 half units one way and 3 the opposite way). now

[I have to pause because I keep losing the image and can't maintain it. trying to do these sorts of things under different energetic conditions is a bit of a challenge for me.

1. I'm writing this during the day, and all of the other messages were at night (it makes a difference)
2. I don't jive with his energy really at all, so nothing really flows. I don't mind though because it's just another evolution-of-desire -- *and* it'll make me better at being able to hold a feeling even when I'm reflecting a person with energy that doesn't jive (improvements over the long run)
3. I've got to keep aborting stuff (no-manifestation) and I don't mind with geometry, because I really enjoy it, but it is awfully symbolic, and so besides the beauty which is hidden underneith all the symbol, I don't mind aborting it all with someone that has chaotic energy.
4. I watched veritassium's [video on 37](https://youtu.be/d6iQrh2TK98), and according to him, I should reject 37% of the offers that come through (andy was the first), and then pick the next best one that's better than all the previous one -- but I'm not going for best -- I'm going for "worst" -- lol, so I guess this is what I'm going with.
	- same thing with his [video on game theory](https://youtu.be/mScpHTIi-kM): while the best performing strategy (in the long run) is to go "tit-for-tat" -- I have a difficult time doing that. it may be a "winning" strategy, but for me it doesn't feel good. instead, I have to go with the "worst" strategy, which is always try and cooperate, even if the other side is not cooperative. andy is cooperative, so this is a new game now, not of winning points, but of learning to be a better foil (reflecting the positive attributes of someone even when I don't jive with them).
	- come to think of it, this is ultimately a game of selfishness, and ... OH ... I just got my answer. OK, I see it now. I'll just do the "take the stuff I like, and leave everything else" technique. interesting. I wonder if this can be converted into another game (it's kinda hard to make feeling symbolic, but I'll try).

so now I'm gonna lay on the ground and see if I can figure out how to stabilise the image]

#### 2024-04-07 15:46 - how to be destructive

wow, so it's interesting that I'm actually getting more reactions on my comments there about being destructive, than I am on the geometry. so -- I'll explain a little better. after watching those videos, I had a number of different events that helped me to solidify that the message of those videos just doesn't work for me. for the 37 video, I find that I always go with the whatever the first thing that feels good to me is,-- which *usually* works out really well for m5. I often times notice that the very first thing I see when I go to a place to buy something is often times the thing that I come back to buy,-- and I even find myself often wondering, "why do I even go to look at the other options, when I always know what I want when I see it" -- like, it just seems to feel like it'll work, and so I go with it. all the other times that I've rationally tried to figure out what the best option is, I've found myself in a worse spot than just following my intution. so, I just blindly follow my intuition now -- no questions asked.
	another thing to note about this, is take for example my time in spain: whenever someone asked me for money, and it felt good to me (or even I offered them money), I did it without any remorse. I just follow m/ intition there and don't look back. looking at those decisions monetarily, I made poor choices, but that's not really my metric for success. it turns out, that *I actually wanted to lose that money*. by losing that money, it brought me to this point in life -- which is way better (I'm certain) than if I had've used the money to create a tech company and be successful at it. I like who I am now, much more than who I was back then -- and that's really the important metric there. I like to like myself.
the other video on tit-for-tat being the most successful gam5, is also one I strongly question in my life. that metric is about winning or gaining the most points -- and by that metric, I'm a complete failure. I'm now a nearly always cooperate strat -- and nosebook has gone from the never cooperate strat to, almost never cooperate strat. in every metric that one can place on it, I'm completely losing the game. I don't really mind losing, and that's why I've mainitained my position on going always toward the "worst".
now, the way that the always-cooperaate strat (as long as it feels good) is destructive, is that it forces a realisation instead of success. the things that come to me are ultimately the things that I'm attracting, and so they reflect me.
	as an example, last night I went to go take a shower, and as I got out of the shower, the idea happened that I should email russ and say "hey, I just had an idea as I got out of the shower: ask kyle if he wants to get away from all of the eclipse festivities and come to pueblo instead" -- and then I looked up at the clock and it said "8:42" (8 is the day of the eclipse, and 42 is the answer. -- also they're all powers of 2). it felt like a good idea to me in the shower (which is much higher frequency than my room), and so when I was going to do it, greg came down, while he was making noise, it gave me the idea about [the weight experiment](/dear-kyle.md#2024-04-06-2225---another-experiment). after that I was going to email off that idea to russ, but in the process of opening my email, I see andy's instead. I paused to see if I wanted to check it, and it felt pretty good, so I opened it up to look at it. I gave him a few quick responces and left it at that. then this morning I was thinking strongly about how to explain to andy how to make the dodecahedron by pushing the edges of the cube, and so I woke up to write that. now, later on when writing him about the importance of the edge-pushing transformation, I noticed that I didn't really get the kind of clarity of the image that I had when writing to nat (tesseralis), or while reading seth miller's book (a combination of frank and seth) -- so I decided, that I need to find out a way of translating the feeling of why the transformation is important, while laying on the ground,-- and then write the email -- because when focused on andy, I can't do it. his energy isn't able to see those things, so when I reflect him, I can't see them either.
just like when I was in spain with anyone who asked me for money, if it felt good to me, I just go with whoever is the first to ask, until I don't have anymore to give. that "technique" is actually the the best one for not getting a physical manifestation of any kind, and ensures the most personal growth. I'm certain that I'll continue to gain a better and better capability of finding ways to translate higher and higher frequency cOncepts into better and better words and things.
	you know, this is precisely the same thing that "abraham" did. they would invite some people up to the chair, and they would always reflect the person's ideas (the things they already know) back to them in a way which was higher frequency than what they're putting out (the question) -- and that's really all I do nowadays too. sure it's easy when the person is a great reflector (they didn't seem to pick too many great reflectors actually, and went with a lot of symbolically rigid, or particularly dull reflectors). however, what I'm learning is to take in something that doesn't feel the way I want it to feel, and learn how to like the way that they feel, and give them back their own (dull) reflection, polished by my own perception (not sure if that makes any sense). positive aspects can be seen in anyone and anything if they're looked for -- and so I just go with it.
		as an exaple, I could see dani doing just fine with the gatunes project -- but I don't think that he could. I don't mind that he couldn't see what I see. it was only money anyway, and along the process I learned tremendous amounts. let's say that dani never finds a way too see himself as capable of creating things he wants to make -- it doesn't matter to me, because I'm the one that comes out with the advantage of having learned new ways to see someone that doesn't believe in theirself. however, if he does end up perceiving himself as capable, then that's also good for me too, because that gives me more energy and enhances my perception. no matter what I always win, just not monetarily. the money is lost to matter what.
I'm essentially buying perception by being nieve (always-cooperate strat) and absorbing the realisation that comes as a result. sure, it's destructive, but perception almost always comes at a cost of a loss of manifestation (or whatever crutch it was a person is relying on which is in the way of being able to see the new thing). one day, my perception will be such, that the first thing that comes to me will *always* be what I want (cause it's what I'm attracting).
