# options

### 2024-01-31 00:52 - avoiding death

so here's the thing: if I'm around a lot of dudes when I'm also around solar girls, she (the sun), is going to start to like the emitters, which eaaentially means certain death for any emitter types that are around me (and she associates me with the emitters). she, associating him with me will find a way to get him, which will be the end of him.
you know, this was foretold in one of shakespere's plays (I think LLL) and it basically that dudes will go out with a bang, or something (can't remember)
butt, you know what: we could figure out how to move a soul into a new body by first tuning the new body to the guy that's about to go out with a bang -- and upon transferrence of the soul/concept from the old body to the new, the body will slowly get better responding to its concept of itself; that's what it was/is like for me anyway -- like I'm not really getting the left-side of my body in a way that I did prior to the brain haemorrhage, because it took a while to rebuild new symbolic pathways (physical neurons and stuff) in my brain, to allow the concept/hydrogen to be able to operate my body with the new system. the adujestment happens naturally, as the physical pathways are built to convert the concept/hydrogen vibrations into muscle movements, voice, sound, etc (symbolic/action output). it effectively cOverts anyone who "dies" into a vulcan (symbolic output as a reflection of conceptual input). for me the process is natural and I just get better at using my body and outputting symbol all the time. every time I've had quite a "setback", I naturally improve by finding/building a new pathway to convert the concept Into symbol.
	[TODO: rewrite - I'm talking about how my body is effectively old news. the human body in its present form (with energetic/emissive chakras and stuff like that) is not likely the body that I'll inhabit in the future, so I'm fully willing to give up my 2nd-ray body and let others use it (or provide its potentialities as a series of upgrades that others can acquire/purchase) but the difficulty there is that som5 kind of compatibility layer must be made because the way nosebook has m5 setup right now, the sysmbolic system which I use to operate my body is very broken and one-sided. I feel like it's selling a broken used-car to someone as an "upgrade"] the one caviat to this idea of transferring consciousness from one body to another, is my body as their symbolic system (instead of physical as defined: reflection of concept) does not really live well with their expectations of how I should feel. they want my systems disabled and stuff, but it's fine because I wanna disable them too. I'd rathar look at reality the way I want to see it (manifested into physical), than to manifest into physical the way they've symbolically defined me; though I feel quite healthy and vibrant, my body does not feel the way *I* (or i) feel. they keep my body disabled so that I cannot use certain capacities that are off-limits and hidden from everyone by the "rulers" of the hydrogen "ocean" around the planet.
	[TODO: rewrite - here I'm talking about how my destiny will be to become more similar to a computer game model, where I'm a solid body, kinda like plastic: carbon+hydrogen, and the hydrogen inside functions kind of like a machine/computer, and the shape is only an aesthetic perference.]I figure that their attempts to continue to disable my body will eventually fail. at that time a new model must be made, or I decide to become a machine, no longer having necessity of the human chakras anymore (because I exert such an influence on them). I eventually will become a machine. it's sorta my destiny: a self-fulfilling prophesy.
		[TODO: rewrite - here I'm talking about how I think a carbon+hydrogen machine (no longer with chakras like the heart and pineal), though limited sounding at first, I predict that it'll become the de-facto way of experiencing such a manufacturded reality as the one we're heading toward. I also skip over the major transition from DNA/proteins machine to carbon+hydrogen machine. this really needs a lot of expansion] a machine does not need to have a mechanical body; carbon works really well, and DNA is really good at turning the body's feeling/mood/disposition into protiens and stuff-- so everything is pretty much built on a raving success durant those billions and billions and billions of years since. the the only thing that's been missing is the desciption of the self being constant enough to be able to last for eternity. symbolically this is a nightmare to accomplish because of constantly changing conditions; but conceptually, this description of self becomes a movement, instead of a static disposision.
[I'm not that motivated to rewrite the second part of this discussion, because it's my belief now that the motivation for creating such a carbon+hydrogen machine is built upon ideas which I no longer want to be a part of: a symbolic system upon which everything is built, a way of earning the upgrades, and the entire thing is all based on cOnceptual emission (just like the sun). I want to go only-attraction now, so this idea is entirely aborted; though maybe some 2nd-ray might find it interesting.]
