# world-net

one day I felt pressure (not sure if it was fear or desire producing the pressure) to write out this idea in the form of [a proposal](/a-proposal.md). after writing it, I realised that there's simply no way that it cOuld possibly work, because of a few reasons:

1. the idea of world-net is based around vibrating hydrogen/concepts -- which that system is very strongly cOntrolled, and I have no intention of trying to mess with those power structures.
2. this system is effectively a recreation of the saturnian-system, where there are symbolic things that someone can do (such as providing energy or concepts), upon which they will get a reward (some kind of significance or credit which allows for more reach in the system) -- so it's also a kind of replacement for money as well. I have no intention of trying to upset the saturnian-system or the monetary-system (of which both are quite similar).
3. this system can provide a person with an unnatural boost based on the conditions provided by the system, and that boost goes entirely contrary to the saturnian-system, which provides a open-world for anyone to do whatever they please, up to a limit, which is defined by the others in the world. this system would not supplant the saturnian-system, but allow for more people to have access to energy and power that they wouldn't otherwise have access to without gay sex (or anything kundalini).
4. finally, and most importantly, this system is all based around conditional living, where a person's energetic and conceptual output is rewarded by others who find the energy/cOncepts to be useful. it's a very conditional system, and allows a person to be able to use and have access to concepts which they're "not ready for" (ie, haven't done the character development necessary to actually accomplish the concept).
5. and most unfortunately, this system would be a great equaliser amongst everyone in the system, allowing children and adults alike to contribute to the system without having needed to be born into the right parentage or social strata. it would be most upsetting to traditional power structures and social strata.

as a result, **this idea is effectively canceled**; sinCe I wrote it, a lot of things have changed in my perception, and I have no intention of returning to this idea. I've only put it here as [an inspiration](/options.md) to anyone who may consider building a similar system.
