# snake-bros correspondence

hey guys (skip 2 paragraphs of intro if you want to get to the point), I just watched #321 (listener communications). I don't really know why I watched it because I haven't listened to your podcast in prolly a year now (so, I'm exactly the opposite of all of the other guys that tell you how you're helping them through a rough spot in life and stuff). I will say though, that when I started to watch you guys, you really opened up my mind to a lot of things (the gods of eden read-through, epic of gilgamesh for dudes, and hybridization with eugene, and the bigfoot YY DNA were the most impactful ones). however, I quickly figured out so many of the answers that you guys were (and kinda still are) asking. I use a technique similar to dowsing to figure out the answer to things I want to know about; it's similar to dowsing because it's conceptual/emotional in that I can feel the resonance of the received conceptual answer -- which means it's a bit like tuning a guitar string...: hmmm pitch is too high, so I lower it a little, ok now a bit too low so I raise it a tiny amount, till it feels/sounds good. also, I'd like to mention that it's not instant either (kinda like dowsing) where I have to actively move around and acquire new concepts until I find one that has good resonance and the spot feels right. inotherwords, once I have the question, a number of things start to pop into my reality which help me to get a conceptually resonant result (I'm the limiting factor here, not the technique: I can't conceptualise something I've never experienced before).
the other thing I'd like to say before I begin talking about the serapium boxes (and other things), is that I prefer to remain anonymous. I'm about 99.95% sure that my answer is right, but there is a tiny fraction of uncertainty. I know I'm on the right track though, and for me the answer is "good enough", which is why I lost interest in megalithic stuff -- mainly cause I figured it out (or so I think). therefore, I'm pretty confident that an inquiry into this will yield productive results. again, I don't want credit, recognition, or anything else. I'd also prefer not to be read on the show (though I don't mind if you do), and don't really want to interact too much with the show anymore at this point -- so consider them to be anonymous tips. also, I'd like to say that this concept will illuminate what christopher dunn had presented in your show many years ago and will probably be relevant to understanding his new book (disclaimer: I haven't read his old or new book, so I'm just speculating here -- the concepts do resonate well though). finally, if you want to make this email fun, take a sip of the brewski every time I say "hydrogen", "ruler", and "standing waves" -- and everything should be pretty clear by the end :)
here's what I think is happening: I think that the boxes are sealed air tight, and filled with CO2. energy coming up from the ground -- that is, vibrating hydrogen coming from inside the earth (prana) -- will get absorbed by the CO2 and start bouncing around inside the box -- to the wavelength/dimensions of the box. the "ether" is just vibrating hydrogen in our atmosphere that creates a medium which influences other hydrogen (it's the great pyramid which confines the max speed of that vibration to C), and hydrogen that's vibrating one way in a medium will cause other hydrogens in that same medium to vibrate similarly -- and since the vibrations are defined by the dimensions of the box, it's basically like a huge AOE resonator, getting all the hydrogen resonating at that wavelength.
OK, so remember how they're called *rulers* of the world? that's because the dimensions of the box are setting the wavelength -- so I will bet you that if you were to take the measurements of those boxes, they will be a quarter, half, fifth, or some other resonant interval to major temples in that area. we see this setup in place with the european cathedrals (which are doing a similar AOE for the town, essentially getting everyone on the same mental frequency). it's also quite visible in mormon temples (which are usually the highest point in the town/area, cause hydrogen (aka chi) travels to the peak points (as taught in feng shui) like lightning rods, and mountain peaks). btw, tesla's systems are all about converting hydrogen into electricity.
now, to understand this connection to human consciousness, we must realise that the neurons that are firing inside of the brain are getting stimulated by something -- so, similar to a tesla coil, when a resonant concept (vibrating hydrogen) passes by the "primary coil" of the nuron (it's not exactly that way, but something more similar to the windings inside of a penis), the hydrogen causes the neuron to discharge. hydrogen is highly absorbative/attractive (it feels quite similar to carbon), so you may think of all of the vibrating hydrogen inside of the brain as clumping up into small little balls, and each hemisphere of the brain has a sort of "inner galaxy" of concepts (where each star represents a concept). they swirl around and have "mini novas" when you have one of those eureka/orgasm/aha moments. the constant feedback loop of emotion/concept causing neurons to fire, and neurons firing causing those conceptual stars to explode, reproduce and create new orbits (most stars are binary+ and are all in clusters) -- is why a sudden change in emotion (like if you see something that causes negative/positive emotion) will cause a reactionary thought(s) and that trickles down to changes in the body.
anyway, the whole point of me telling you all of that, is that if you set the dimensions (ie, if you're the "ruler" of the world), then you control what concepts exist inside of that space and what they mean + how they're defined. the reason why you want a whole town in the same conceptual space as a catholic cathedral is obvious, and why you'd want an entire nation to use the foot instead of the metre is also fairly obvious....
(to me at least): the situation that I'm in today (will require a bit of explanation, and I don't want an autobiography added to what will shortly be a --- novela) -- is because I didn't go through any initiations in order to get into that space. I figured it all out on my own during an ayahuasca experience -- which, because I didn't go through the sexual "initiation" procedure to get there, that meant that I have full access to the space; there are no symbolic or access limits to it for me because I didn't access it symbolically -- which means I can do anything I want. I can look into anyone's "akashic record" or perceive any concept that I want -- because I'm accessing it based on its resonance -- and not through some kind of symbolic (dimensional) system. you'll notice that in the serapium there are a whole lot of different sized boxes -- and so we can think of each one of those as a dimensional space -- where the initiator (ie, the first to enter that space and setup the symbolic system) gets to setup the rules for that "clearance level".
I call all of these different mental zones "2nd-ray systems" (btw if you have any questions, just ask -- and I can get you the answer to any question you want -- just I need to have my neurons setup in a way where I can recognise and identify the feeling before I can translate the concept into something meaningful). the reason why I call them "2nd-ray" systems is long and fairly complicated, but know that the sun has one, all the main sequence stars have one, your brain has one/two, and the earth has a few as well. essentially, what they are is a rigid space (like a box or a skull or a solar-sphere), where hydrogen vibrates around inside of them. these vibrations organise into standing waves (because of an equal pressure on both sides) -- and for places like the earth where the opposing forces are not fully rigid, equilibrium must be maintained -- which is what I call the "saturnian-system". you can have standing waves of standing waves as well (these are things like ultra-fast x-rays or y-rays and is what the sun "sees"). most of us just have standing waves, which happens because of the skull.
inside of our skulls (unless you've had yours opened), the concepts that have been bouncing around inside of your head have been there since you were born -- and the earth is the same: around earth there's a sub-atomic net fits around the earth trapping hydrogen in (from the ionosphere to about to where venus touches). it behaves in a very similar way that the corona around the sun does, trying to prevent as much hydrogen from escaping as possible (search for condensation reactions which emit photons) -- and only letting the hydrogen that wants to escape be the stuff that's lost its resonance and is symbolically no longer useful (like a forgotten memory) or hydrogen that's vibrating in a way which is attractive to another planet or to the sun. that vibrating hydrogen is how we store memory inside of the brain (memory is just vibrating hydrogen which fire neurons when excited by a resonant concept during recall) -- and again, the earth is the same: its memory is also just vibrating hydrogen,-- and those that operate in the saturnian-system can tell you that there is a symbolically understandable "memory" to the earth's history. the main functioning part of earth's "memory" is conceptual (ie, hydrogen) and lives in the area of the ionosphere -- which is analogous to the oily region that's between the brain and the skull. so, when looking in toward earth, the concepts/hydrogen that's floating around there in the upper atmosphere/ionosphere are the things that the brain is going to be turning into something symbolic, just like when recalling a memory produces a visual or conjuering a concept in your head will cause an image to appear in the imagination inside of the head (mind-eye) -- though images inside of the eyes is also from conjuring concepts, but its action is different, and I don't fully understand it. so now, knowing that concepts can be sybolically manipulated, it's pretty easy to figure out that if these symbolic spaces are essentially creating a resonant medium for everyone who's tuned to (initiated into) them, then the creators (rulers) of these spaces can move concepts and memories around at will (using their defined rules).
all of the boxes in the serapium are just different local/AOE mediums where the ones that are initiated into it are all in the same mental space/medium together, and so therefore can exchage telepathic messages, mental imagery, etc. it's an exclusive (for members only) medium. the default medium/space where all of the normies are, is going to be the foot/metre kinds of boring spaces, which have been designed (by those that made that "ruler"), to keep people isolated and individual. so, if you want to be a part of a space with others, you either have to be initiated, or to make your own and get that into a spot on earth with a lot of this hydrogen coming out (like a mountain peak, hilltop, or one of those "ley lines"), set your dimensions, and then once you've setup your space how you want (you first have to tune yourself to it) -- then start initiating others into it -- or give them access to it by making it a public space like a theatre or a church or something.
in short, the boxes use CO2 vibrating in a rigid/resonant space to create standing waves similar to the ones the brain creates, which creates a medium which is an exclusive mental environment, or a control mechanism where the designers (rulers) of the box, can manipulate and alter concepts of everyone initiated into that system (they set the *rules*) using a symbolic system where they set the rules (just like if you want to feel better and you've setup a "healing tree" -- you just go there to get your "healing" and feel better -- same thing, but they may make healing have a whole lot more religious/complicated procedure to it, to deter people from accessing the tree of life symbolically like that).
btw, most of these 2nd-ray systems are done away with now (cept the mormon church and some others), cause the influence is small and only local. if you want planet-wide influence you gatta go saturnian, and if you want solar system wide, you gatta go solar. for galaxy, you gatta go YHVH (but that's a story for another day).
hopefully I said hydrogen enough that you're super drunk by now... enjoy your evening :) kenny

P.S. also contemplate the CO2 being an absorber of mental concepts and this whole "global warming" crap being caused by CO2 -- which means we should lower carbon emissions? I don't think global warming is the motive, but more likely to keep it's to keep us mentally isolated, cause otherwise with too much CO2, telepathy will be normal for everyone in that space (ever hotboxed in a room with someone smoking and noticed that you're conceptually on the same wavelength as them and can communicate telepathically, or been around a shamen that's getting the space setup by blowing smoke all over the place?)
pP.S: I figured out the CO2 thing because matt from ancient architects posted a video a long time ago (can't find it now; must have took it down) about a theory about fermentation reaction causing the black soot found in so many boxes... here's an excerpt from an ancient-origins similar page (can't find original research):

Fermentation in Pre-Dynastic Egypt
It is well known that pre-dynastic Egyptians knew the process of fermentation. By about 3000 BC they had already utilized the process to brew beer and bake bread. And some scholars have said the process was known even before then. Let’s assume someone in pre-dynastic Egypt mixed some starch and meat, placed those ingredients inside a giant coffin, and closed the lid. A particular set of ingredients come in mind: bread, beer, barley and oxen, as those are mentioned so many times in ancient Egyptian texts. As fermentation starts, yeast begins to convert the starch present in barley into CO2 gas and ethanol. The amount of the CO2 gas increases in the box, building pressure.

The granite boxes are made with high precision and have a tolerance within 1 micron. So, closing the lid essentially makes them hermetically sealed. Granite is not a porous material, so little of the gas would seep through the walls. The lid also weighs about 30 tons, so the pressure of the gas would have to be substantial before it would pop open. The process continues as long as the chemical composition of the substances inside the sarcophagus and the temperature are comfortable for yeast to keep growing.

One component essential for yeast to grow is oleic acid. This is a fatty acid present in animal and plant fat. Oleic acid is essential for the yeast to maintain its growth rate. This acid is also essential for yeast to overcome the toxic effect of ethanol, which would be building up in the coffin as a byproduct of fermentation. That acid is present in abundance in meat. I cannot help but wonder if the main purpose of the meat or bull body parts placed in the huge granite boxes was to provide proper chemical components for the yeast to sustain long term growth.

https://www.ancient-origins.net/unexplained-phenomena/serapeum-sarcophagi-021992
